<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176894</DOCNO><APP-NO>802855</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19911206</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176894</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>C01C 03/16</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>423368</PRI-USPC><CITATION>1745753/19300200	1948106/19340200	3039848/19620600	4305979/19811200	4707405/19871100	5009935/19910400</CITATION><INVENTOR>Sinko; John</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Wayne Pigment Corp.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Process for making improved corrosion preventive zinc cyanamide</TITLE><ABST>Improved corrosion preventive pigment grade zinc cyanamide suitable for protective mirror backing coating is prepared by reacting a totally hydrated zinc oxide slurry with hydrogen cyanamide. The reaction is carried out while maintaining a stoichiometric excess of zinc oxide at an elevated temperature between about 75.degree. C. and about 85.degree. C. The reaction mixture is provided in a condition free of inorganic soluble salts and free of anions containing sulfur such as sulfides or sulfates.</ABST><SPEC>The invention will be further set forth by means of the following examples, wherein all parts are given by weight unless otherwise indicated. EXAMPLE 1 Highly reactive, completely dispersed and hydrated suspensions of ZnO was prepared by introducing, in small increments, 1 mole (81.4 g) of Azo 66 grade ZnO into 400 ml of hot water stirred at high speed (drill press equipped with 2" diameter Cowles Blade at 2300 rpm was used). The dispersion and hydration process of suspended ZnO was completed by keeping the same conditions for two hours at 75.degree.-85.degree. C. Pigment grade zinc cyanamide of improved quality was produced by introducing in 70-80 minutes into the intensively stirred ZnO slurry, kept at 75.degree.-85.degree. C., 1.1 moles (92.4 g) of hydrogen cyanamide as 50% stabilized aqueous solution, kept at normal temperature. Cyanamide-50 commercialized by Cyanamide Canada Inc. was used. The reaction was completed by maintaining the same conditions (intensive stirring and 75.degree.-85.degree. C.) for two hours after the hydrogen cyanamide introduction was finished. Subsequently, the resulted white precipitate was separated by vacuum filtration, the presscake, obtained at approximately 50% solid content, was washed under vacuum, with 50 ml of water at normal temperature, dried at 100.degree..sup..+-. 5.degree. C. for 12 hours and pulverized in a laboratory grinder to fineness of 100% +230 mesh. A total amount of approximately 350 ml of mother liquor and wash water was recovered by filtration and integrally re-introduced into the subsequent example of embodiment of the procedure. Total amount of final product recovered was 111 g. EXAMPLE 2 Pigment grade zinc cyanamide was prepared following exactly the procedure described in Example 1, except that the amount of approximately 350 ml of mother liquor and wash water, recovered from the process performed pursuant to Example 1, was integrally re-introduced into the system completed with water to 400 ml and employed for ZnO slurry preparation. The total amount of dried pigment grade product, mother liquor and wash water recovered was 112 g and 350-360 ml, respectively. Analytical data typical for pigment grade zinc cyanamide produced according to the above described procedure is presented subsequently: ______________________________________ Analyzed or Tested Found Test Procedure Parameter Value Applied ______________________________________ Zinc as Zn % 57.7-58.3 Complexomery N as N % 24.7-24.9 Kjeldahl Zinc Cyanamide, % 93-94 Calculated from N % and Zn % Crystal Water, % 5-6% By weight lost at 400.degree. C. C Content Undetermined -- Conductivity 700-1100 ASTM D-281-31 (micro mhos/cm) pH 8.0-9.3 ASTM D-1208-84/6.1.1 Specific Gravity 2.88 ASTM D-153-84 Oil Absorption 38-40 ASTM D-281-31 (lbs/100 lbs) ______________________________________ FIELD OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates to a process for preparing zinc cyanamide. More specifically, the invention relates to a process which provides pigment grade zinc cyanamide of improved quality suitable for use as a corrosion retardant component in protective paints such as those used for mirror backing. BACKGROUND ART Zinc cyanamide has previously been produced by reacting calcium cyanamide (which contains approximately 1% CaS) with sulfuric acid or carbon dioxide and subsequently reacting the resultant aqueous solution of hydrogen cyanamide with a zinc oxide slurry at ambient temperatures such as 20.degree. C. for one to two hours. See, for example, Italian Patent No. 612539/1959 or British Patent No. 905957 (1962). This process is reported to produce a pigment grade product that contains 83%-85% zinc cyanamide. Unfortunately, the prior art processes require extensive washing in an effort to remove soluble inorganic salt contaminants. The products are generally not suitable corrosion inhibitors for mirror backing coatings because the soluble inorganic salt impurities, even when present in trace amounts, act as corrosion promoters. This is particularly true of soluble sulfide or sulfate contaminants present in protective paints and coatings used for protecting silver coated mirrors. Thus, although zinc cyanamide has been suggested as a corrosion preventive ingredient in mirror backing coatings (see for example U.S. Pat. No. 4,707,403 issued Nov. 17, 1987), it has never gained commercial acceptance for such applications. It now appears that because such available products hold considerable amounts of Ca.sup.2+ and So.sub.4.sup.2- as well as S.sup.2- containing soluble impurities, zinc cyanamides heretofore available have not been effective in mirror backing protective paint and coating formulations. Zinc cyanamide functions as a corrosive preventive component of protective coatings and, more specifically, of mirror backing coatings due to its optimal water solubility and hydrolysis pH; however, it is reasonable to suppose that the product's H.sub.2 S scavenging capacity and specifically, the anti-oxidant nature of the cyanamide moiety, generated by solubilization during the pigment's interaction with corrosion promoting processes, are primarily accountable for its protective activity. It is known that the reflective silver layer of mirrors (even protected by "backing" coatings) is extremely sensitive to the presence and corrosive action of the airborne salt particles (common in coastal regions) or acidic species and H.sub.2 S which are commonly present in industrial or domestic environments, respectively. Evidently, the above-mentioned various airborne contaminants promote oxidative processes on silver, which occur according to the scheme Ag.degree. Ag.sup.+ and result in the well known and undesirable phenomena, the corrosive destruction of mirrors' reflective layers. In this respect, it is interesting to note that chromates, zinc phosphate or zinc salts of dicarboxilic acids, commonly applied as a corrosion inhibiting additive to protective primers for steel or aluminum surfaces, contrary to all expectation, actually exhibit corrosive action on thin silver layers and attempts made to employ them in mirror backing applications were unsuccessful. It can be stated, that due to the above-mentioned sensitivity, mirrors' reflective silver layers are quite intolerant to quality variations of raw materials employed in mirror backing protective coatings. Such quality variations of pigment grade products are often caused by the presence of soluble inorganic contaminants, usually in trace amounts (i.e. water soluble by-products of the manufacturing procedures) or by low values of the products' specific surface area and, consequently, of their solubility rate typical for calcined grades. There are also known manufacturing procedures in which zinc cyanamide is prepared by treating ZnO with excess urea or dicyandiamide, under N.sub.2 or vacuum, initially at 135.degree.-200.degree. C. and by calcining it subsequently at 600.degree.-800.degree. C. for two hours. The shortcoming of the above-mentioned energy intensive procedures is that they yield products of relatively "closed" texture, characterized by low value of specific surface area and porosity. Zinc cyanamide produced by calcination does not exhibit the highest possible degree of corrosion preventive activity necessary in mirror backing systems. DETAILED DESCRIPTION The objects and advantages are achieved according to the procedure subsequently described in detail by reacting, at an elevated temperature of about 75.degree. to 85.degree. C., an inorganic soluble salt free, stabilized aqueous solution of hydrogen cyanamide with highly reactive completely dispersed and hydrated aqueous suspension of high grade zinc oxide and converting it with high yield to a soluble salt free zinc cyanamide suspension. As raw materials, a stabilized aqueous solution of 50% hydrogen cyanamide and highly reactive totally dispersible high quality grade of zinc oxide are preferably used. The direct conversion of ZnO into zinc cyanamide pursuant to the procedure subsequently described is a diffusion controlled heterogen process which occurs at the ZnO-liquid interface. In that respect it is observed that to obtain the desired final products, thorough dispersion and total hydration of the ZnO, prior to reaction with hydrogen cyanamide, is essential. The compositions of the present invention provide improved coatings for protection of thin metal films such as silver particularly when used as an additive in conventional mirror backing coatings. Such coating compositions incorporating the zinc cyanamide produced according to the present invention are based on organic resin polymers such as alkyd resins, polyurethane resins, acrylic resins or epoxy resins and the like. Such resins are generally compounded in a suitable solvent or carried as a film forming dispersion in a latex paint composition. The compositions of this invention are incorporated into such conventional coating formulations in minor amounts. The starting materials for the process of the present invention include an aqueous solution of hydrogen cyanamide (H.sub.2 NCN) preferably in the form of a 50% aqueous solution. The solution preferably has less than 50 parts per million of metal impurities and is substantially free of soluble electrolyte type of inorganic salts. By "substantially free" as the term is used herein is meant less than about 100 parts per million of such materials are present. Soluble but non-electrolyte type products, such as urea, are tolerable as impurities. One suitable starting material, a 50% aqueous solution of hydrogen cyanamide, is available commercially under the trade name CYANAMIDE-50 sold by Cyanamide Canada, Inc. The other principal ingredient for preparation of compositions of this invention is a pigment grade finely divided and highly purified zinc oxide. The zinc oxide should also be substantially free of sulfur containing compounds and substantially free of soluble inorganic salts and consequently, such grades of zinc oxide have an extremely low water soluble content. One commercially available suitable starting material is sold by American Smelting and Refining Company under the trade name AZO-66. This material is available commercially with an average particle size of 0.25 microns and has less than 0.03% water soluble salts and less than 0.01% sulfur content. The direct conversion of finely divided zinc oxide into zinc cyanamide pursuant to the invention is a diffusion controlled heterogen process which occurs at the ZnO-liquid interface. Thus, it is important that perfect dispersion and total hydration of the ZnO prior to reaction with hydrogen cyanamide be obtained. In order to minimize the presence of ZnO inclusions in the final product, the preparation of ZnO slurry is preferably performed by stirring at high speed for one hour at approximately 80.degree. to 85.degree. C. This can be accomplished, for example, in a drill press equipped with a two inch diameter Cowles blade at 2300 rpm, or by using any other dispersing equipment with similar or better performance known in the art, i.e. the MANTON-GAULIN homogenizer. It is preferred that a solid liquid ratio of 1:5 be utilized, as it is found then under these conditions a fluid and totally hydrated and dispersed highly reactive ZnO suspension is obtained. Also, for the foregoing reasons, the reaction is preferably performed by slowly introducing, over a period of approximately 60 to 120 but preferably 60 to 70 minutes, the aqueous solution of hydrogen cyanamide kept at ambient temperatures, into the intensively stirred and previously prepared ZnO slurry which is kept at 60.degree. to 85.degree. C. and preferably in the temperature range of 75.degree. to 85.degree. C. Under such conditions a temporary stoichiometric excess of ZnO is insured all during the completion of the reaction. This procedure is essential to minimize the decomposition of unreacted hydrogen cyanamide temporarily present in the reaction mixture. Similar conditions can be also realized by simultaneous delivery into the reaction mixture of the hydrogen cyanamide solution and the previously prepared ZnO slurry kept at the elevated temperatures of 75.degree. to 85.degree. C. In this case it is also important to maintain a temporary relative stoichiometric excess of ZnO and to maintain the intensive stirring of the reaction mixture at the aforementioned elevated temperatures. The foregoing description of the invention is illustrative and relates to preferred embodiments of the invention. It will be, however, apparent to those skilled in the art that various changes in the size and shape of the materials or substitutions of materials can be made within the scope of the appended claims and without departing from the spirit of the invention. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A process for producing pigment grade zinc cyanamide having enhanced corrosion preventive activity comprising providing an aqueous mixture of finely divided zinc oxide substantially free of soluble inorganic salts and substantially free of materials having sulfur containing anions, totally hydrating said mixture by high speed stirring at approximately 75.degree. to 85.degree. C. mixing with said resultant slurry a stabilized soluble aqueous solution of hydrogen cyanamide free of soluble inorganic salts and free of material having sulfur containing anions, and reacting said materials at a temperature between about 75.degree. and 85.degree. C. 2. 2. A process according to claim 1 wherein the resultant zinc cyanamide is separated from the aqueous liquid. 3. 3. A process according to claim 2 wherein the separated aqueous phase is reintroduced into a subsequent zinc oxide slurry preparation step. 4. 4. A process according to claim 1 wherein a stoichiometric excess of dispersed zinc oxide is maintained during the conversion reaction in the reaction mixture.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176895</DOCNO><APP-NO>726839</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910708</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176895</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>C01B 21/08</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>423410</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>4021615	19900706	DE</PRIORITY><CITATION>2994583/19610800</CITATION><INVENTOR>Biermanns; Franz-Josef<tab>Heidbuechel; Hans-Heinz<tab>Emans; Heinz-Gerd<tab>Weber; Ralf</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Dynamit Nobel Aktiengesellschaft</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Process for the continuous production of sodium azide</TITLE><ABST>The present invention deals with the continuous production of sodium azide from sodium amide and nitrous oxide. This reaction takes place on a support material for sodium amide consisting of a mixture of sodium azide and sodium hydroxide. This mixture is passed through a reactor maintained at temperatures of between 200.degree. and 270.degree. C.; a portion of the reaction product and the support material are transferred out of the system at an end of the reactor, and a primary quantity of the reaction product and support material are returned to the reactor inlet where the material is combined with fresh, heated sodium amide in an amount corresponding to the quantity of sodium azide transferred-out with the reaction product and support material. With the aid of this continuous process, higher space-time yields of sodium azide can be obtained than in case of the conventional methods without increasing the danger of no longer controllable explosions.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION The tubular reactor 1 of a testing plant, initially rendered inert with nitrogen gas, is filled with 320 kg of crude azide (NaN.sub.3 /NaOH in a molar ratio of 1:1) as support material, and interior of the reactor as well as the recycle screws 3 of a screw conveyor for recycling solid material from the product divider to the reactor are preheated to a temperature of 240.degree. C. Subsequently, 0.3 kg of sodium amide at a temperature of 300.degree. C. is added, in metered amounts, via conduit 6 and N.sub.2 O is introduced via conduit 4 in a quantity stream of 200 l/min. After onset of the reaction--recognizable by a temperature elevation in the reaction zone and by analyzing the waste gas in conduit 7 for ammonia--molten sodium amide (0.78 l/min corresponding to about 60 kg/h) is continuously added to the recycled reaction mixture of sodium azide and sodium hydroxide via conduit 6, the solid reaction products and support material are recycled via the recycle screws 3, and the N.sub.2 O stream is increased to a value of 435 l/min corresponding to an excess of 34%. The reactor is then continuously operated in this way by withdrawing from the product stream divider 2, integrated into the reactor 1, continuously via the gate valve 5 under complete reaction of the sodium amide, 1.6 kg/min of a mixture of NaOH and NaN.sub.3 (equimolar mixture) and removing at the reactor inlet section via conduit 7 the excess N.sub.2 O as well as 0.2175 kg/min of NH.sub.3 ; the reaction material and newly formed solid products that have not been withdrawn are recycled into the reactor 1 by way of the recycle screws 3. In separator 8, the ammonia is separated from the nitrous oxide, and the nitrous oxide is introduced into conduit 4. The reaction is terminated by interrupting the amide feed, and the reactor can be taken out of operation after a post reaction period of 30 minutes during which time the feed of gaseous N.sub.2 O is not interrupted. If one compares the continuous addition of sodium amide at about 60 kg/h, corresponding to approximately 480 kg within 8 h, with the throughput according to the discontinuous method according to the prior art, amounting to 130 kg in 8 h, the pilot plant itself will increase output by a factor of about 3.6. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to a continuous process for the production of sodium azide wherein sodium amide on a support material of sodium azide and sodium hydroxide is reacted with nitrous oxide or dinitrogen monooxide (N.sub.2 O). The production of sodium azide has heretofore been conducted by reacting sodium amide with nitrous oxide at temperatures of above 190.degree. C. At this temperature, sodium amide is present in the molten phase. For this reason, it is applied to a support material of sodium azide and sodium hydroxide. The reaction is performed discontinuously in mixing reactors permitting because of the size of the reactors maximally the conversion of 130 kg of sodium amide within 8 hours. During the reaction between sodium amide and nitrous oxide, water is formed in addition to the target product, sodium azide; this water reacts with sodium amide leading to the formation of ammonia and sodium hydroxide. Since ammonia and nitrous oxide form an explosive mixture, the aforedescribed mode of operation for producing sodium azide has given rise to explosions in case the two gases are in an explosive mixing range. Consequently, enlargement of the reactor volume to increase the space-time yield in this conventional process would considerable heighten the danger of explosions, which are no longer controllable. Therefore, the problem presents itself of guiding the reaction between sodium amide and nitrous oxide in such a way that sodium azide is obtained in a considerably larger space-time yield than in the disclosed methods without incurring the aforedescribed disadvantages. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION In meeting this objective, in accordance with the invention a continuous process for the production of sodium azide has now been found wherein nitrous oxide (N.sub.2 O) is reacted with sodium amide arranged on a support material of sodium azide and sodium hydroxide in a reactor at temperatures of between 200.degree. and 270.degree. C., characterized by separating at least about 5% by weight of the solid material discharge from the reactor to provide a first product stream containing a mixture of sodium azide and sodium hydroxide (which include newly formed products and support material) and a second product stream with the remainder of the discharged material; the first product stream being removed from the system and the second product stream being recycled to the reactor and NH.sub.3 and excess N.sub.2 O being discharged from the reactor in a zone of an inlet section of the reactor. It is possible with the aid of this process to increase the space-time yield in the reaction of sodium amide with nitrous oxide by a multiple as compared with the above-disclosed known process without increasing the total gas volume of ammonia and nitrous oxide to such an extent that uncontrolled gas explosions occur. In the reactor which preferably is a mixing/conveying reactor, molten sodium amide provided on the support material - - - denoted hereinbelow also as "solid reaction material" - - - is transported in the direction toward a product stream divider, whereby it is reacted with nitrous oxide (N.sub.2 O) to form sodium azide (NaN.sub.3) and sodium hydroxide (NaOH). Appropriate mixing-conveying units are known to a person skilled in the art; examples that can be cited are screw conveyors or kneader mixers preferably located in a tubular reactor. The mixing/conveying reactor is maintained at an internal temperature of between 200.degree. and 270.degree. C.; the reaction is preferably performed at a temperature of between 230.degree. and 270.degree. C. The solid reaction material and the reaction products including newly formed sodium azide and sodium hydroxide pass from the mixing reactor into a product stream divider directly adjoining the outlet section of the reactor; the product stream divider can also optionally be integrated into the reactor on an end facing away from the inlet section. The reaction material, after leaving the reactor, need no longer be heated to the reaction temperature; however, a special cooling step is likewise unnecessary since the main portion of the solid reaction material is from there again conducted to the inlet section of the reactor where this portion must again be heated to the reaction temperature. In the product stream divider, from 5 to 10% by weight of the reaction mixture obtained at that point is transferred out of the system. From the removed material, the sodium azide contained therein is obtained by conventional methods. For example, after cooling, the mixture is dissolved in water and subsequently such a quantity of water is distilled off from the resulting aqueous solution that the sodium azide is precipitated in the aqueous medium. The sodium azide is then filtered off and can be purified, if desired, by recrystallization. The main quantity of solid reaction material and the remainder of the newly formed sodium azide and sodium hydroxide leaving the product stream divider are reintroduced into the inlet section of the mixing reactor by way of suitable conveying means. It is advantageous to heat the conveying means so that the material being conveyed will not cool down too much and a minimum of additional energy needs to be expended during heating of the material in the reactor. Before the recycled material is made to contact the nitrous oxide in the mixing reactor, fresh, preheated sodium amide is added to this material stream in a quantity corresponding to the quantity of sodium azide transferred out in the product stream divider. Suitably, this addition takes place shortly prior to entrance of the recycled solid material into the reactor. However, it is also possible to effect the addition in the inlet section of the reactor. The sodium amide added to the returned reaction material is preferably heated to a temperature at which it is present in the liquid phase. In principle, it is also possible to conduct the heating step to a temperature corresponding to the temperature exhibited by the recycled material. The nitrous oxide is passed countercurrently to the stream of solid material through the reactor. Preferably, the nitrous oxide is introduced into the system at the product stream divider; however, it can also be introduced at the outlet section of the reactor. A stoichiometric excess is utilized; the excess gas in withdrawn, together with the ammonia formed during the reaction in the reactor at the inlet portion of the mixing reactor. It is advantageous to separate out of the withdrawn gaseous mixture, the nitrous oxide from the ammonia in a manner known per se and to recycle this nitrous oxide into the process. The amount of nitrous oxide to be employed is to be at least so large that one mole of nitrous oxide is used per two moles of sodium amide. An excess past this stoichiometric ratio is advantageous. The excess can range up to 50% above this ratio. A mixture of sodium azide and sodium hydroxide, also called crude azide, serves as the support material for the sodium amide. Preferably, these two compounds in this mixture are in a molar ratio of 1:1. Exceeding this ratio in the upward or downward direction by up to 10% is readily possible. At the beginning of the reaction, the crude azide is charged into the reactor and heated to the reaction temperature. Since both compounds or components of the crude azide are constantly newly formed during the process in a molar ratio of 1:1, neither of the two compounds needs to be supplemented during the process. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The process according to this invention will be further described by way of example with reference to the accompanying drawings wherein FIG. 1 is a schematic diagram of the apparatus for conducting the process.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A process for the continuous production of sodium azide by a reaction of nitrous oxide and sodium amide, which sodium amide is arranged on a support of solid reaction material of sodium azide and sodium hydroxide, at a temperature of between 200.degree. and 270.degree. C., which comprises transferring the solid reaction material in a cycle through a reactor, maintained at the reaction temperature, through an adjoining product stream divider and through a subsequently arranged conveying means back to the reactor; introducing the nitrous oxide, via a conduit countercurrently to the passage of the solid reaction material, into the reactor; in the product stream divider, separating out and removing between 5 and 10% by weight of a solid product mixture received from the reactor via the product stream divider to obtain sodium azide contained in said product mixture as a sodium azide-containing product; recycling the remaining 90 to 95% by weight of the product mixture via the conveying means to said reactor thereby providing additional solid reaction material serving as a support for sodium amide; introducing an amount of sodium amide corresponding to the sodium azide in the sodium azide-containing product separated-out and removed with the product mixture via another conduit into an inlet section of the reactor; and discharging ammonia formed during the reaction, as well as excess nitrous oxide, from the inlet section of the reactor via a conduit connected to the inlet section. 2. 2. A process according to claim 1, where the product stream divider and the conveying means are maintained at temperatures of between 100.degree. and 250.degree. C. 3. 3. A process according to claim 1 or 2, where the reactor comprises a tubular reactor wherein the solid material within the reactor is transported with the aid of mixing-conveying means. 4. 4. A process according to claim 1 or 2 wherein the excess nitrous oxide is recycled into the reactor after removal of the ammonia. 5. 5. A process according to claim 1 wherein the product mixture comprises an equimolar mixture of sodium azide and sodium hydroxide. 6. 6. A process according to claim 1 wherein the nitrous oxide is introduced into the reactor via the product stream divider. 7. 7. A process according to claim 5, wherein the sodium amide is introduced into the reactor in the molten state. 8. 8. A process according to claim 1, wherein the sodium amide is introduced into the reactor in the molten state. 9. 9. A process according to claim 1, further comprising during initial start up of the process introducing a charge of a mixture of sodium azide and sodium hydroxide into the reactor to provide the solid reaction material serving as a support for sodium amide introduced into the reactor.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176896</DOCNO><APP-NO>210538</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19880623</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176896</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>C01B 17/04</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>423574R</PRI-USPC><CITATION>Re28864/19760600	3854876/19741200	4100266/19780700	4171347/19791000	4279882/19810700	4509327/19850400	4543245/19850900	4617794/19861000</CITATION><INVENTOR>Bela; Frank A.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Texaco Inc.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Apparatus and method for generation of control signal for Claus process optimization</TITLE><ABST>An apparatus and method for the generation of a control signal for the optimization of sulfur removal in a Claus process unit comprises oxidizing a portion of the tail gas stream exiting the Claus unit by contacting a portion of the tail gas with an oxygen-containing gas in the presence of a catalyst which oxidizes H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2, measuring the temperature rise associated with the oxidation reaction, converting the measurement to an appropriate control signal, and using the signal to control the rate of air flow into the Claus unit.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED EMBODIMENTS OF THE INVENTION It is one object of this invention to provide an apparatus for generation of a control signal for the optimization of sulfur removal in a Claus process unit. It is another object of this invention to provide a method of generation of a control signal for the optimization of sulfur removal in a Claus process unit. It is one feature of this invention to provide an apparatus for generation of a control signal for the optimization of sulfur removal in a Claus process unit, the apparatus comprising means for heating a portion of Claus unit tail gas, means for inducing the flow of a portion of tail gas into the apparatus, means for oxidizing H.sub.2 S contained within the tail gas to SO.sub.2 in the presence of a catalyst which oxidizes H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2, means for measuring the temperature rise associated with the oxidation reaction, and means for converting the measurement to an appropriate control signal to control the rate of air flow into the Claus unit. It is another feature of this invention to provide a method of generation of a control signal for sulfur removal optimization in a Claus process unit, the method comprising heating a portion of Claus unit tail gas, inducing the flow of the portion of tail gas into the abovedescribed apparatus, catalytically oxidizing the tail gas portion in the presence of an oxygen-containing gas to cause the oxidation of H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2, measuring the temperature rise associated with the oxidation reaction, converting the measurement to an appropriate control signal, and using the signal to control the rate of air flow into the Claus unit. The method of the instant invention is advantageous in that it provides an inexpensive and low maintenance method of generating a control signal. The apparatus of the instant invention is advantageous in that it provides an inexpensive and low maintenance alternative to the use of on-line spectrophotometric or ultraviolet analyzers to measure H.sub.2 S PG,12 concentration in the tail gas and provide an appropriate control signal to regulate the rate of air flow into the Claus unit. A cross-sectional view of a preferred embodiment of the apparatus of the instant invention is depicted in FIG. 1. The apparatus comprises a housing 2, an entrance end 4, a chamber section 6 containing a bed of catalyst particles 8 capable of selectively oxidizing H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2, and an exit end 10, so connected as to provide a continuous passage therethrough. A portion of Claus unit tail gas, comprising H.sub.2 S and other compounds, preferably less than 5% H.sub.2 S, at a temperature of 250.degree.-700.degree. F., a pressure of 10-20 psia, say atmospheric pressure, and a flow rate of 1-100 SCFM, preferably 1-20 SCFM, say 8 SCFM is directed through entrance end 4 into interior portion 12 of housing 2. Although conventional Claus unit tail gas analyzers typically monitor tail gas obtained from the final (usually third) stage of the Claus process unit, in the apparatus and method of the instant invention it is a preferred embodiment that the portion of Claus unit tail gas to be directed to the apparatus be obtained from the outlet of the second stage of the Claus unit, as such a portion of tail gas has a higher residual H.sub.2 S concentration and hence will produce a greater temperature change range upon H.sub.2 S oxidation in the apparatus. The tail gas sample is induced to flow through the apparatus of the instant invention by an eductor 18 which is located within the housing 2. The eductor 18 is supplied with an oxygen-containing gas, preferably compressed air, at a flow rate of 0.5-10 SCFM, say 2 SCFM, and a pressure of 1-100 psig, say 40 psig, through line 14, and is introduced into the interior portion 22 of eductor 18 through outlet nozzle 20. The tail gas sample enters the interior portion 12 of housing 2 through entrance end 4 and is drawn through passageway 16 to eductor 18. It is to be understood that the interior portion of eductor 18 as depicted in FIG. 1 is for illustrative purposes only, as the design, construction, and operation of eductor devices are well known to those skilled in the art. Any conventional eductor device which is capable of inducing flow of the tail gas sample into the apparatus and mixing the tail gas sample with an oxygen-containing gas may be employed in the apparatus of the instant invention. The tail gas sample and oxygen-containing gas are both heated, if necessary, prior to admixture in interior portion 22 of eductor 18. Heating is accomplished by means of a heat exchanger 15 located within interior portion 12 of housing 2. In one embodiment, the heat exchanger 15 is of the electrical type whereby heat is generated by the resistance of heating elements to electrical current passed therethrough. In another embodiment, which is depicted in FIG. 1, the heat exchanger 15 is a coiled tube or pipe which is coiled around the exterior of line 14 which supplies oxygen-containing gas to eductor 18. In this embodiment, a heat transfer medium such as high pressure (i.e. 200-600 psig) steam, flue gas, or commercially available heat transfer fluids such as DOWTHERM or THERMINOL enters heat exchanger 15 via inlet line 11 and flows countercurrently through the interior of heat exchanger 15 where heat transfer simultaneously takes place between the heat transfer medium, oxygen-containing gas flowing through line 14 to eductor 18, and tail gas sample which flows through interior portion 12 of housing 2 and passageway 16 to eductor 18. The heat transfer medium exits heat exchanger 15 through line 13. Heat is imparted to the tail gas stream and oxygen-containing gas stream in such a manner as to insure that the temperature of the mixture of tail gas and oxygen-containing gas produced in the interior portion 22 of eductor 18 is in the temperature range of 300.degree.-700.degree. F when the mixture enters chamber section 6. It is necessary that the temperature of the gas mixture be in the prescribed range to initiate the catalytic reaction and, in at least some cases, prevent subsequent deactivation of catalyst bed 8 due to sulfur condensation. Note that in other embodiments of this invention, heating of the oxygen-containing gas and tail gas sample stream may not be necessary due to higher (say greater than 450.degree. F.) inlet temperatures of the tail gas sample into the apparatus. The resulting gas stream mixture of heated tail gas sample and heated oxygen-containing gas flows from the interior portion 22 of eductor 18 to the chamber section 6, which contains a bed of catalyst particles 8 capable of oxidizing H.sub.2 S contained in the gas mixture to SO.sub.2 Such catalysts include H.sub.2 S oxidation catalysts which promote the oxidation of combustibles such as H.sub.2 and CO as well as H.sub.2 S. Catalysts of this type include titanium oxide-based catalyst CRS-31, commercially available from Rhone-Poulenc and employed in the process for catalytic treatment of Claus unit tail gases disclosed in R. Kettner & N. Liermann, "New Claus tail-gas process proved in 63-66, and Shell Chemical Company's Shell 099 alumina-based catalytic incineration catalyst, which is designed for incineration of Claus process and Claus tail gas clean-up unit tail gases. In a preferred embodiment, the catalyst to be employed in the apparatus of the instant invention is one which selectively oxidizes H.sub.2 S contained in the gas mixture to SO.sub.2. By employing such a selective catalyst, the heat release from combustion is less than that obtained when a catalyst which promotes oxidation of other combustibles (e.g. H.sub.2 and CO), and results in production of a temperature (and hence control) signal that is more responsive to changes in tail gas H.sub.2 S concentration A preferred selective catalyst to be employed comprises 1-15 wt. %, preferably 5-15 wt. % of an oxide or sulfide of vanadium, preferably V.sub.2 O.sub.5, on a non-alkaline porous refractory oxide support, preferably hydrogen mordenite or alumina. The preferred selective catalyst is commercially available from Union Oil Company of California under the SELECTOX-33 trade name. The composition and use of SELECTOX-33 catalyst is described, for example, in U.S. Pat. No. 4,279,882, U.S. Pat. No. 4,171,347, and R. H. Hass et al., "Process Meets Sulfur Recovery Needs", previously discussed. As the gas mixture passes through the catalyst bed 8 and contacts the individual catalyst particles, H.sub.2 S contained in the gas mixture is oxidized to SO.sub.2. The nominal space velocity through the catalyst bed 8 may be about 500-15,000 v/v/hr, more preferably 1000-10,000 v/v/hr, most preferably 2000-5000 v/v/hr. This reaction is highly exothermic, causing a rise in gas temperature as the gas mixture exits the chamber section 6. To initiate the oxidation reaction, it is necessary that a temperature of 300.degree.-700.degree. F., preferably 450.degree.-500.degree. F., say 500.degree. F. be maintained within interior portion 12 of housing 2. It is therefore important that housing 2 be well insulated to minimize heat losses to the surrounding environment. Means for measuring the temperature of the combusted gas stream mixture as it exits catalyst bed 8 are preferably a thermowell 24 into which a thermocouple 26 is inserted. The thermocouple has a temperature detecting range of 300.degree.-1000.degree. F., preferably 500.degree.-600.degree. F. Any conventional arrangement of thermowell and thermocouple known to those skilled in the art which adequately provides means to measure the temperature of the combusted gas stream mixture as it exits the chamber section 6 may be employed. The measured temperature is converted to an appropriate control signal by the thermocouple 26. The signal, which may be electrical or pneumatic, is transmitted via wire or conduit 28, respectively, to a flow controller (not shown) which controls the air flow into the Claus process unit. The gas mixture is discharged from the interior of the housing 2 through exit end 10 and may be subsequently directed to the Claus unit tail gas stream for further treatment prior to discharge into the atmosphere or recycle back to the Claus process unit. A schematic drawing depicting a preferred embodiment of the method of the instant invention is set forth in FIG. 2. In FIG. 2, a H.sub.2 S -containing acid gas stream 100 and an air stream 102 enter Claus process unit 104. Elemental sulfur is removed from the acid gas via the Claus process and exits the process via line 106, and tail gas exits the Claus unit through line 108. A portion of the tail gas stream is directed via line 110 to the apparatus of the instant invention 112 (as set forth in FIG. 1), and the remainder of tail gas is directed through line 114 for further treatment, recycle, or eventual discharge to the atmosphere. Tail gas stream 110 is heated and catalytically oxidized in apparatus 112, and the combusted gas mixture is discharged from apparatus 112 through line 116. The combusted gas mixture normally will be returned via line 116 to the tail gas stream contained in line 114. Such a configuration is advantageous in that it automatically balances fluctuations in tail gas sample pressure which tend to change the ratio of oxygen-containing gas/tail gas sample, and which in turn could result in misleading changes in apparatus outlet temperature. The temperature of the tail gas stream 110 subsequent to catalytic oxidation in apparatus 112 is measured, converted to an appropriate control signal which may be electronic or pneumatic, and transmitted via line 118 to controller 120. Controller 120 converts the input signal transmitted via line 118 to an appropriate output signal based upon. The measured temperature and correlated H.sub.2 S concentration of the tail gas stream. The output signal generated by controller 120 is transmitted via line 122 to air control valve 124, which controls the air flow rate into the Claus unit. The output signal generated by controller 120 transmits a signal to air control valve 124 such that stoichiometric proportions of air/O.sub.2 and H.sub.2 S entering the Claus unit from the air and acid gas streams, respectively, are achieved. The corrected air flow is directed via line 126 from air control valve 124 to Claus unit 104. It is to be understood that the configuration depicted for controller 120 and air control valve 124 is but one embodiment of the method of the instant invention. Other controller-control valve configurations known to those of ordinary skill in the invention. It is to be understood that, in the apparatus and process of the instant invention, the relative H.sub.2 S and SO.sub.2 concentrations in the tail gas stream must be determined to assess the degree of approach to optimum stoichiometry. The apparatus of the instant invention measures relative changes in tail gas H.sub.2 S concentration, which are directly proportional to changes in H.sub.2 S/SO.sub.2 ratio since changes in concentration of one component are accompanied by a concurrent inverse change in concentration in the other component. Over extended periods of time, the correlation between optimum H.sub.2 S/SO.sub.2 ratio and apparatus outlet temperature may drift due to long term changes in process conditions. It is therefore necessary, in the practice of the instant invention, to occasionally determine the relative H.sub.2 S/SO.sub.2 concentrations by conventional means known to those skilled in the art, such as length-of-stain detector tubes, laboratory gas chromatography or wet chemistry. The required frequency of such testing in conjunction with the apparatus and method of the instant invention is expected to be less than once per day. It will be evident that the terms and expressions employed herein are used as terms of description and not of limitation. There is no intention, in the use of these descriptive terms and expressions, of excluding equivalents of the features described and it is recognized that various modifications are possible within the scope of the invention claimed. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention This invention relates to an apparatus and method for generation of a control signal for the optimization of sulfur removal in a Claus process unit. More particularly, this invention relates to: (i) an apparatus for generation of a control signal for the optimization of sulfur removal in a Claus process unit, the apparatus comprising means for inducing the flow of a portion of Claus unit tail gas into the apparatus, means for heating the portion of tail gas, means for catalytically oxidizing H.sub.2 S contained within the tail gas to SO.sub.2, and means for measuring the temperature rise associated with the oxidation reaction and converting the measurement to an appropriate control signal to control the rate of air flow into the Claus unit; and (ii) a method of generation of a control signal for the optimization of sulfur removal in a Claus process unit, the method comprising inducing the flow of a portion of Claus unit tail gas into the abovedescribed apparatus, heating the portion of tail gas, catalytically oxidizing the portion of tail gas in the presence of an oxygen-containing gas to cause the oxidation of H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2, measuring the temperature rise associated with the oxidation reaction, converting the measurement to an appropriate signal, and using the signal to control the rate of air flow into the Claus unit. 2. Information Disclosure Statement It is well known to those skilled in the art that elemental sulfur may be recovered from H.sub.2 S-containing gas streams by employing the Claus process or modified Claus process. These processes are discussed, for example, in Vol. 22 of the Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology at pp. 276-82 (3d ed. 1983) and H. Paskall, "Basis of the Claus Process" (Western Research--Calgary, Alberta, Canada (Sep. 1981)). Most modern sulfur-recovery plants are based upon the modified Claus process. The modified Claus process typically converts H.sub.2 S to elemental sulfur according to the series of reactions 3H.sub.2 S+.sup.3.sub.2 O.sub.2 .fwdarw.SO.sub.2 +2H.sub.2 S+H.sub.2 O.fwdarw.3S+3H.sub.2 O where approximately 1/3 of the H.sub.2 S is initially oxidized to SO.sub.2 by combustion with air, and residual H.sub.2 S subsequently reacts with the SO.sub.2 to form elemental sulfur. Approximately 50% of the product sulfur is formed immediately in the Claus process unit combustion zone, with remaining H.sub.2 S conversion accomplished in a series (typically 1-4) of downstream catalytic stages. Tail gas containing residual amounts of H.sub.2 S and SO.sub.2 exits the Claus process unit, and must be further treated prior to discharge into the atmosphere. Maximum sulfur recovery is achieved when the proportions of air/O.sub.2 and H.sub.2 S conform to the abovedescribed stoichiometry. To achieve the correct stoichiometric ratio, the traditional control approach has been to adjust the air flow rate entering the Claus unit so as to maintain a tail gas H.sub.2 S/SO.sub.2 ratio=2. However, the more recent trend has been to express the tail gas H.sub.2 S/SO.sub.2 concentration control parameter in terms of "excess H.sub.2 S" or "air demand" (H.sub.2 S --2SO.sub.2) or "excess SO.sub.2 " (2SO.sub.2 --H.sub.2 S) The "excess H.sub.2 S" or "excess SO.sub.2 " approach is often preferred over the H.sub.2 S/SO.sub.2 ratio as a control parameter because it yields a control signal linearly proportional to the required change in air flow rate required to achieve correct stoichiometry. References describing methods for Claus unit process control include M. C. J. Beamish, "Controlling the Claus Process" (Western Research-Calgary, Alberta, Canada (Sep. 1982)) and G. W. Taggart, "Optimize Claus Control", Hydrocarbon Processing (Dec. 1980). From the above, it is clear that accuracy and reliability of analysis of the H.sub.2 S concentration in the tail gas is of fundamental importance in providing for reliable and accurate control of the air flow entering the Claus unit and subsequent optimization of sulfur recovery, as discussed in P. Grancher, "Advances in Claus Technology", Hydrocarbon Processing (Sep. 1978) pp. 257-62. For example, the most sophisticated Claus units use feed forward control schemes, whereby continuous onstream analysis of the feed gas (in addition to tail gas analysis) serves as a basis for automatic incoming air flow rate adjustment to compensate for changes in gas quality. However, feed forward control is sensitive to errors in input data, and therefore requires accurate gas analysis, as described in G. Taggart, "Be Careful of Feedforward for Claus Control", Hydrocarbon Processing (Mar. 1981). Thus, there is a need for an accurate, reliable and cost-effective means of generating a control signal for control of air flow into the Claus unit by analyzing tail gas composition. Various methods of analyzing Claus unit tail-gas composition are discussed, for example, in J. W. Palm & N. M. Caruthers, "Guidelines And Control of SRU Tail Gas Composition", Oil and Gas Journal (Nov. 20, 1978), pp. 151-55. These methods include older titration techniques such as the Tutweiler method and on-line analysis techniques such as gas chromatography and ultraviolet spectrophotometry. On-line gas composition analyzers, including flammable-vapor analyzers, are discussed for example in J. T. Y. Yeh, "Online Composition Analyzers", Chemical Engineering (Jan. 20, 1986), pp. 55-68. Flammable-vapor analyzers feed a sample of flammable vapor, along with air, into a controlled flame. The vapor then burns, releasing heat measured by a temperature detector. The concentration of flammable vapor is determined by the measured temperature. In another version, air containing flammable vapors is passed over a temperature detector coated or encased in a catalyst which causes combustion and a certain temperature increase that correlates with flammable-vapor concentration. On-line ultraviolet spectrophotometers for use in continuous monitoring of sulfur recovery units are described, for example, in the product literature of Du Pont Model 4620 Sulfur Recovery Unit Analyzer System (available from Du Pont Company--Analytical Instruments Division) and Western Research Model 700 Air Demand Analyzer System (available from Western Research, a division of Bow Valley Resource Services Ltd. (Canada)). The method and apparatus of the instant invention relate to the generation of a control signal for the optimization of sulfur removal in a Claus process unit. The signal is generated by oxidizing a portion of the Claus unit tail gas stream in the presence of a catalyst capable of oxidizing H.sub.2 S contained within the tail gas stream to SO.sub.2, measuring the temperature rise associated with the oxidation reaction, converting the measurement to an appropriate control signal, and using the signal to control air flow rate into the Claus unit to achieve stoichiometry. The catalytic oxidation of sulfur to SO.sub.2 is described, for example, in: G. J. Shugar, R. A. Shugar, and L. Bauman, Chemical Technicians' Ready Reference Handbook, p. 258-60, which discloses a method of determining sulfur content by conversion of organic sulfur to SO.sub.2 via high temperature (1300.degree. C.) combustion in the presence of pure oxygen and a V.sub.2 O.sub.5 catalyst; U.S. Pat. No. 4,279,882 (Beavon), which discloses a process for sulfur production which is applicable to the treatment of H.sub.2 S -containing gas streams, the process comprising contacting at a temperature below 850.degree. F., an H.sub.2 S -containing gas stream with oxygen or air and a recycle gas containing H.sub.2 S and SO.sub.2 in the presence of a selective oxidation catalyst capable of selectively oxidizing H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2 without formation of SO.sub.3, the catalyst preferably comprising a vanadium oxide (e.g. V.sub.2 O.sub.5) on a non-alkaline porous refractory oxide; and U.S. Pat. No. 4,171,347 (Hass), which discloses a catalytic for conversion of H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2, the catalyst comprising one or more vanadium oxides or sulfides (e.g. V.sub.2 O.sub.5) on a non-alkaline porous refractory oxide. The catalyst selectively oxidizes H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2 in the presence of air, H.sub.2, CO, light hydrocarbons, and ammonia. The catalytic reaction is highly exothermic, with the reactor temperature rising proportionately to the concentration of H.sub.2 S in the feed gas-oxidant mixture; and R. H. Hass et al., "Process Meets Sulfur Recovery Needs," Hydrocarbon Processing (May 1981), pp. 104-07, which discloses a catalytic process for gas stream sulfur recovery. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The instant invention relates to an apparatus and method for the generation of a control signal for the optimization of sulfur removal in a Claus process unit. The apparatus of the instant invention comprises: (a) a housing having an entrance end, a chamber section containing a bed of catalyst particles capable of oxidizing H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2, and an exit end, so connected that the entrance end, chamber section, and exit end have a continuous passage therethrough designed to permit flow of a portion of a Claus unit tail gas stream into the entrance end, through the chamber section, and out of the exit end; (b) means for inducing the flow of the portion of tail gas stream into the entrance end, through the chamber section, and out the exit end of the housing; (c) means for heating the portion of tail gas stream and an oxygen-containing gas stream to a temperature of 300.degree.-700.degree. F. subsequent to the gas streams entering the entrance end of the housing and prior to the mixing of the tail gas and oxygen-containing gas streams; (d) means for mixing the heated portion of tail gas stream with the heated oxygen-containing gas stream prior to the introduction of the resulting gas stream mixture into the chamber section; (e) means for measuring the temperature of the combusted gas stream mixture as it exits from the chamber section; and (f) means for converting the measured temperature of the combusted gas stream mixture exiting the chamber section to an appropriate control signal. The method of the instant invention comprises: (a) inducing the flow of a portion of Claus unit tail gas stream into the entrance end of an apparatus comprising a housing having an entrance end, a chamber section containing a bed of catalyst particles capable of oxidizing H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2, and an exit end, so connected that the entrance end, chamber section, and exit end have a continuous passage therethrough designed to permit flow of the heated tail gas stream into the entrance end, through the chamber section, and out of the exit end; (b) heating the portion of tail gas stream and an oxygen-containing gas stream to a temperature of 300.degree.-700.degree. F. subsequent to the gas streams entering the entrance end of the housing and prior to the mixing of the tail gas and oxygen-containing gas streams; (c) mixing the heated tail gas stream with the heated oxygen-containing gas stream prior to the introduction of the resulting gas stream mixture into the chamber section; (d) contacting the resulting gas stream mixture with the catalyst in the chamber section; (e) measuring the temperature of the combusted gas stream mixture as it exits the chamber section; (f) converting the measured temperature of the combusted gas stream mixture to an appropriate control signal; and (g) transmitting the signal to a flow controller controlling the air flow rate entering the Claus unit. The method and apparatus of the instant invention are advantageous in that they provide an inexpensive and low maintenance means for generating a control signal for controlling the air flow rate entering the Claus process, thereby enabling Claus process optimization and subsequent optimization of sulfur recovery from the H.sub.2 S -containing gas stream treated via the Claus process. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 depicts a cross-sectional view of a preferred embodiment of the apparatus of the instant invention. FIG. 2 is a schematic drawing depicting a preferred embodiment of the method of the instant invention.</SPEC><CLAIM>The invention claimed is: 1. 1. A method for generating a control signal for optimization of a Claus gas-desulfurization unit which comprises: (a) withdrawing from the tail gas of a Claus gas-desulfurization unit a sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide; (b) inducing the flow of said sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide into the entrance end of an apparatus having a housing including (i) an entrance thereto at an entrance end, (ii) a chamber section therein containing a bed of catalyst particles capable of oxidizing hydrogen sulfide to sulfur dioxide, and (iii) an exit therefrom at an exit end of said housing whereby said sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide may flow into the entrance, through the bed of catalyst particles in the chamber section, and out of the exit of said housing; (c) heating said sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide to 300.degree. F.-700.degree. F. within said housing thereby forming a heated sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide; (d) heating an oxygen-containing gas to 300.degree.-700.degree. F. thereby forming a heated oxygen-containing gas; (e) mixing said heated sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide and said heated oxygen-containing gas thereby forming a gas stream mixture; (f) passing said gas stream mixture into said chamber section of said housing wherein said gas stream mixture contacts said catalyst in said chamber section, and hydrogen sulfide in said gas stream mixture is combusted thereby forming a combusted gas stream of increased temperature; (g) passing said combusted gas stream of increased temperature to the exit of said housing at which point said combusted gas stream of increased temperature exists said housing; (h) measuring the temperature of said combusted stream of increased temperature at a point prior to the point at which said combusted gas stream of increased temperature exits said housing; (i) converting the measured temperature of the combusted gas stream of increased temperature to a control signal; and (j) controlling the rate of air flow entering said Claus unit in accordance with said control signal. 2. 2. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said sample of tail gas and oxygen-containing gas are heated to a temperature of 300.degree.-700.degree. F. by means of an electrical heater located within the housing. 3. 3. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said sample of tail gas and oxygen-containing gas are heated to a temperature of 300.degree.-700.degree. F. by means of a heat exchanger located within the housing and supplied with a heat transfer fluid. 4. 4. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said inducing of the flow of the sample of tail gas into the entrance end and the sample mixing of the tail gas with the oxygen-containing gas is accomplished by an eductor supplied with compressed air and located within the housing. 5. 5. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said catalyst is capable of selectively oxidizing H.sub.2 S to SO.sub.2. 6. 6. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said catalyst comprises an oxide or sulfide of vanadium on a non-alkaline porous refractory oxide support. 7. 7. A method as defined in claim 6, wherein said catalyst comprises 1-15 weight percent V.sub.2 O.sub.5 on a non-alkaline porous refractory oxide support. 8. 8. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said catalyst comprises an oxide of titanium. 9. 9. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said temperature is measured and converted to a control signal by having the gas mixture contact a thermocouple having a temperature detecting range of 300.degree.-1000.degree. F. 10. 10. A method as defined in claim 9, wherein said thermocouple has a temperature detecting range of 500.degree.-600.degree. F. 11. 11. A method for generating a control signal for optimization of a Claus gas-desulfurization unit which comprises (a) withdrawing from the tail gas of a Claus gas-desulfurization unit a sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide; (b) inducing the flow of said sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide into the entrance end of an apparatus comprising a housing including (i) an entrance thereto at an entrance end, (ii) a chamber section therein containing a bed of catalyst particles comprising 1-15 wt. % vanadium pentoxide on a non-alkaline porous refractory oxide support, and (iii) an exit therefrom at an exit end of said housing whereby said sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide may flow into the entrance, through the bed of catalyst chamber particles in said section, and out of the exit of said housing; (c) heating said sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide to 300.degree. F.-700.degree. F. within said housing thereby forming a heated sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide; (d) heating an oxygen-containing gas to 300.degree.-700.degree. F. thereby forming a heated oxygen-containing gas; (e) mixing said heated sample of tail gas containing hydrogen sulfide and said heated oxygen-containing gas thereby forming a gas stream mixture; (f) passing said gas stream mixture into said chamber section of said housing wherein said gas stream mixture contacts said catalyst in said chamber section, and hydrogen sulfide in said gas stream mixture is combusted thereby forming a combusted gas stream of increased temperature; (g) passing said combusted gas stream of increased temperature to the exit of said housing at which point said combusted gas stream of increased temperature exists said housing; (h) measuring the temperature of said combusted stream of increased temperature at a point prior to the point at which said combusted gas stream of increased temperature exits said housing; (i) converting the measured temperature of the combusted gas stream of increased temperature to a control signal; and (j) controlling the rate of air flow entering said Claus unit in accordance with said control signal.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176897</DOCNO><APP-NO>714364</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910612</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176897</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>C01B  9/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>423659</PRI-USPC><CITATION>3767453/19731000	3785998/19740100	3840595/19741000	3920583/19751100	3927131/19751200	4039623/19770800	4045538/19770800	4053557/19771000	4059675/19771100	4059683/19771100	4085193/19780400	4152246/19790500	4209496/19800600	4935212/19900600	5013706/19910500	5015457/19910500</CITATION><INVENTOR>Lester; George R.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Allied-Signal Inc.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Catalytic destruction of organohalogen compounds</TITLE><ABST>This application relates to a catalyst and a process using this catalyst to convert or destroy organic compounds including organohalogen compounds. A preferred catalyst contains as catalytic components titania, vanadium oxide, tungsten oxide, tin oxide and at least one noble metal selected from the group consisting of platinum, palladium and rhodium, characterized in that the vanadium oxide, tungsten oxide and noble metals are uniformly dispersed on the titania. The process of this invention comprises contacting the gas stream, which contains organohalogen compounds and other organic compounds, at a temperature of about 200.degree. to about 500.degree. C. with the catalyst described above in the presence of an oxidizing agent and water. The oxidizing agent can be oxygen or air.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION As heretofore stated, the present invention relates to a catalyst and a process using the catalyst to treat gas streams containing organhalogen compounds. In its simplest form the catalyst of the invention comprises titania. This catalyst has been found effective for converting C.sub.1 organohalogen compounds that do not contain any carbon-hydrogen bonds to carbon dioxide and haloacids. A preferred catalyst also contains tungsten oxide. When oxidation of hydrocarbons is also desired a preferred catalyst will contain titania and vanadium oxide while an especially preferred catalyst will also contain tungsten oxide and at least one noble metal selected from the group consisting of platinum, palladium and rhodium. It is also preferred to add tin oxide, primarily as a stabilizer. It is important to note that the titania is an active catalytic component and not just a support. It is desirable that the titania component have a surface area in the range of about 10 to about 150 m.sup.2 /g. The titania of the instant invention may be used in any configuration, shape or size which exposes the titania and any other catalytic components dispersed thereon to the gas to be treated. For example, the titania can be conveniently employed in particulate form or the titania can be deposited onto a solid monolithic carrier. When particulate form is desired, the titania can be formed into shapes such as pills, pellets, granules, rings, spheres, etc. The particulate form is especially desirable where large volumes of catalysts are needed, and for use in circumstances in which periodic replacement of the catalyst may be desired. In circumstances in which less mass is desirable or in which movement or agitation of particles of titania may result in attrition, dusting and resulting loss of dispersed metals or undue increase in pressure drop across the particles, a monolithic form is preferred. In the employment of a monolithic form, it is usually most convenient to employ the titania as a thin film or coating deposited on an inert carrier material which provides the structural support for said titania. The inert carrier material can be any refractory material such as ceramic or metallic materials. It is desirable that the carrier material be unreactive with the catalytic components and not be degraded by the gas to which it is exposed. Examples of suitable ceramic materials include sillimanite, petalite, cordierite, mullite, zircon, zircon mullite, spodumene, alumia-titanate, etc. Additionally, metallic materials which are within the scope of this invention include metals and alloys as disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,920,583 (incorporated herein by reference) which are oxidation resistant and are otherwise capable of withstanding high temperatures. The monolithic carrier material can best be utilized in any rigid unitary configuration which provides a plurality of pores or channels extending in the direction of gas flow. It is preferred that the configuration be a honeycomb configuration. The honeycomb structure can be used advantageously in either unitary form, or as an arrangement of multiple modules. The honeycomb structure is usually oriented such that gas flow is generally in the same direction as the cells or channels of the honeycomb structure. For a more detailed discussion of monolithic structures, refer to U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,785,998 and 3,767,453, which are incorporated herein by reference. If particulate form is desired, the titania can be formed into granules, sphere or extrudates by means well known in the industry. For example, a titania powder (anatase phase) having a surface area of at least 120 m.sup.2 /g can be combined with a binder such as a clay and rolled in a disk pelletizing apparatus to give titania spheres. The amount of binder can vary considerably but for convenience is present from about 10 to about 30 weight percent. Additional catalytic components may be dispersed on the titania by means well known in the art. For example, one may wish to disperse vanadium oxide, tungsten oxide or a combination of the two oxides onto the titania. One way to disperse these components is to impregnate titania spheres or powder (spheres or powder are used as representative examples of shapes of titania) with a solution containing a vanadium and/or tungsten compound. The solution may be an aqueous solution, one using an organic solvent or a mixture of the two, with an aqueous solution being preferred. The criteria used to choose the vanadium and tungsten compounds are that the compounds be soluble in the desired solvent and that the compound decompose at high temperatures to give the appropriate oxide. Illustrative of these compounds are the halides of vanadium and tungsten, oxyacid salts and oxysalts of vanadium and tungsten. Specific examples are tungsten dibromide, tungsten pentabromide, tungsten tetrachloride, tungsten dioxydichloride, tungstic acid, ammonium para-tungstate, vanadium tribromide, vanadium dichloride, vanadium trichloride, vanadium oxychloride, vanadium oxydichloride, vanadic acid, vanadyl sulfate, and ammonium meta-vanadate. Ammonium para-tungstate and ammonium meta-vanadate are the preferred compounds. The impregnation of the spheres or powder with the metal compound solution may be carried out in ways well known in the art. One convenient method is to place the titania into a rotary evaporator which is equipped with a steam jacket. The impregnating solution which contains the amount of the desired metal in the finished catalyst (as the metal) is now added to the spheres and the mixture cold rolled (no steam) for a time from about 10 to 60 minutes. Next, steam is introduced and the solvent is evaporated. This usually takes from about 1 to about 4 hours. Finally the solid is removed from the rotary evaporator and calcined in air at a temperature of about 450.degree.-700.degree. C. for about 1 to about 3 hours. If both vanadium and tungsten oxide are desired, they may be impregnated simultaneously or sequentially in any order. In order to be effective in converting organohalogen compounds and other organic compounds it is desirable that the vanadium oxide be present in a concentration from about 0.1 to about 20 weight percent (as the metal) of the titania, and preferably from about 1 to about 5 weight percent. The tungsten oxide should be present in a concentration from about 0.1 to about 20 weight percent (as the metal) of the titania, and preferably from about 5 to about 15 weight percent. Other methods of dispersing the vanadium and/or tungsten oxide onto the titania support are coprecipitation of the compnents or cogellation. For further details on these methods of preparing the catalyst see U.S. Pat. No. 4,085,193, which is incorporated herein by reference. When tin oxide is also desired, tin compounds may be added to the solution containing the vanadium and/or tungsten compounds or the titania support containing vanadium and/or tungsten oxides may be impregnated with a tin compound solution. The solvents which can be used here are the same as for the vanadium and/or tungsten solution. Illustrative of the tin compounds which can be used are tin acetate, tin bromide, tin chloride and tin nitrate. Finally it is desirable that the tin oxide be present in a concentration of about 0.1 to about 2.0 gram atomic weights (gram atoms) of tin per 100 gram atoms of titanium, and preferably from about 0.3 to about 1.0 gram atoms of tin per 100 gram atoms of titanium. If a noble metal component is desired on the catalyst, it may be chosen from the group consisting of platinum, palladium, rhodium and mixtures thereof. The noble metal component may be dispersed onto the titania spheres or powder which may contain vanadium and/or tungsten oxides by impregnating the material with a solution containing a compound of the desired noble metal or noble metals. The solution may be an aqueous or non-aqueous (organic solvent) solution. Any noble metal compound may be used provided the compound is soluble in the chosen solvent and decomposes to the metal upon heating in air at elevated temperatures. Illustrative of these noble metal compounds are chloroplatinic acid, ammonium chloroplatinate, hydroxy disulfite platinum (II) acid, bromoplatinic acid, platinum trichloride, platinum tetrachloride hydrate, platinum dichlorocarbonyl dichloride, dinitrodiamino platinum, sodium tetranitroplatinate, rhodium trichloride, hexaamminerhodium chloride, rhodium carbonylchloride, rhodium trichloride hydrate, rhodium nitrate, sodium hexachlororhodate, sodium hexanitrorhodate, chloropalladic acid, palladium chloride, palladium nitrate, diamminepalladium hydroxide and tetraamminepalladium chloride. The impregnation procedure is analogous to that used to disperse the vanadium and/or tungsten oxide. It is desirable that the noble metal be present on the catalyst in an amount from about 0.01 to about 5 weight percent of the titania, and preferably from about 0.1 to about 1.0 weight percent. If a monolithic form is desired, the titania or the titania plus other components can be deposited onto the monolithic honeycomb carrier by conventional means. For example, a slurry can be prepared by means known in the art such as combining the appropriate amounts of the titania or the titania plus other components in powder form, with water or an aqueous solution of an acid such as nitric, hydrochloric, sulfuric acid, etc. The resultant slurry is ball-milled for about 2 to 6 hours to form a usable slurry. Other types of mills such as impact mills can be used to reduce the milling time to about 5 to 30 minutes. This slurry can now be used to deposit a thin film or coating of titania or titania plus other components onto the monolithic carrier by means well known in the art. One such method involves dipping the monolithic carrier into said slurry, blowing out the excess slurry, drying and calcining in air at a temperature of about 450.degree. to about 700.degree. C. for about 1 to about 4 hours. This procedure can be repeated until the desired amount of titania is deposited on said monolithic honeycomb carrier. It is desirable that the titania be present on the monolithic carrier in an amount in the range of about 50 to about 400 g of titania per liter of carrier volume and preferably from about 100 to about 300 g/l. An alternative method of preparation is to impregnate a titania coated monolithic carrier which has been coated with only titania by the above procedure with an aqueous solution containing a decomposable vanadium and/or tungsten and optionally tin compound. The vanadium, tungsten and tin compounds which can be used are the same as enumerated above. After one or more of these compounds have been impregnated onto the titania-coated carrier, the monolithic carrier is dried and calcined at a temperature of about 450.degree. to about 700.degree. C. for a time of about 1 to about 6 hours. If both vanadium and tungsten are desired, they may be impregnated simultaneously or individually in any order. The tin component may also be impregnated simultaneously or individually in any order. If a noble metal component is desired on the catalyst, one or more may be dispersed onto said titania in an analogous way to that of the particulate form. That is, the monolithic honeycomb carrier which has dispersed thereon titania and optionally vanadium oxide and/or tungsten oxides can be dipped into an aqueous solution containing a soluble and decomposable noble metal compound, dried and calcined at a temperature of 400.degree. to 500.degree. C. for about 1 to about 3 hours. Any decomposable noble metal compound as enumerated above may be used. The concentration of the noble metals are also as stated above. Although the noble metal(s) may be impregnated before the vanadium and/or tungsten oxide and optionally tin oxide, it is preferred that they be impregnated after the vanadium, tungsten and optionally tin. An alternative method of producing a catalyst in the monolithic form is first to grind the titania spheres or powder described above which already have dispersed on them vanadium and/or tungsten oxide. Once these spheres are ground to an average particle size smaller than 50 mesh, a slurry is prepared as described above and a monolithic carrier coated as described. Finally, if a noble metal is desired, it is dispersed thereon as described in the preceding paragraph. Another embodiment of this invention is a process for destroying or converting by oxidation and/or hydrolysis organohalogen compounds and other organic compounds present in a gas stream comprising contacting the gas stream at a temperature of about 200.degree. to about 500.degree. C. and preferably at a temperature of about 250.degree. to about 450.degree. C. with the catalyst described heretofore. The organohalogen compounds which may be treated are any organic compounds which contain at least one halogen atom in the structure of the compounds. Some specific examples are chlorobenzene, dichlorobenzenes, fluorobenzene, carbon tetrachloride, chloroform, methyl chloride, vinyl chloride, methylene chloride, 1,1,2-trichloroethane, 1,1,1-trichloroethane, ethylene dibromide, trichloroethylene, polychlorinated biphenyls, chlorotrifluoromethane, dichlorodifluoromethane, 1-chlorobutane, fluorotrichloromethane, tetrafluoromethane, ethyl bromide, dichlorofluoromethane, chloroformic acid, trichloro acetic acid, trifluoro acetic acid, 2-chloroethyl mercaptan and cyanogen chloride. A subgroup of the organohalogen compounds is composed of those C.sub.1 organohalogen compounds which do not contain any carbon-hydrogen bonds. Specific examples of these compounds are chlorotrifluoromethane, dichlorodifluoromethane, fluorotrichloromethane, tetrafluoromethane, dichlorofluoromethane, chloroformic acid, and carbon tetrachloride. The gas stream may also contain other organic compounds which do not contain any halogens in their structure. These other organic compounds include hydrocarbons, oxygenates, amines, mercaptans, etc. Specific examples include benzene, toluene, phenol, ethyl alcohol, isopropyl amine, ethyl mercaptan, butyl phthalate, aniline, formaldehyde, methyl ethyl ketone, acetone, etc. The catalyst to be used in this process has been described heretofore. Although the catalyst containing only titania is very active for the destruction of organohalogen compounds such as carbon tetrachloride, a catalyst containing titania and tungsten oxide is even more active for this function. Inclusion of vanadium oxide with titania has a slightly negative effect on the activity of titania for destruction of carbon tetrachloride, but increases the activity of the titania for the destruction of organics such as benzene. Similarly, the inclusion of tin oxide is advantageous for improving the activity for the destruction of some classes of volatile organic compounds. The inclusion of a noble metal component is also very effective for improving the ability of the catalyst to destroy difficult-to-oxidize organic compounds and to ensure complete conversion of the compounds to carbon dioxide, water and haloacids as well as conversion of any products of incomplete oxidation such as carbon monoxide. For example, in a laboratory test a V.sub.2 O.sub.5 /WO.sub.3 /TiO.sub.2 catalyst oxidized 99% of the benzene in the feed stream at a temperature of 390.degree. C., whereas when platinum was added 99% conversion was obtained at 225.degree. C. It is also desirable that the gas stream to be treated contain water vapor. In the case where C.sub.1 organohalogen compounds that do not contain C--H bonds are to be converted, the conversion process involves hydrolysis and thus water is a necessary component of the process. In the case where the organohalogen compounds contain C--H and/or C--C bonds, it is also desirable to have water present in the gas stream so that haloacids are formed, e.g., HCl, instead of molecular halogen compounds, e.g., Cl.sub.2. It is desirable to produce haloacids instead of molecular halogen compounds for two reasons. First, an acid such as HCl is much more easily trapped and neutralized from the effluent gas stream than chlorine (Cl.sub.2), thereby reducing corrosion problems in downstream process equipment. Second, molecular halogen compounds can attack the components of the catalyst much more easily than haloacids, thereby decreasing the life of the catalyst. Usually the gas streams will contain adequate water since the gas stream is often a product of a combustion process. However, if the gas stream does not contain any water, it may be added to the gas stream prior to contacting the gas stream with the catalyst. The minimum amount of water needed is that amount which will give an H:X atomic ratio of 1:1 where H is the total hydrogen atoms and X is the total halogen atoms. Another method of providing the needed water to a dry gas stream is to have a hydrocarbon or other organic compound, e.g., ethylene, propylene, methanol, ethanol, acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, etc. present in the waste gas stream which are combusted over the catalyst to carbon dioxide and water. If such compounds are not present in the waste gas stream, they may be added prior to contact with the catalyst. Additionally, if the gas stream does not contain oxygen or air, it must be added to carry out the combustion. The amount of oxygen needed is at least the stoichiometric amount necessary to combust the organic compound. The amount of such organic compound is chosen so that the ratio of total hydrogen from all sources in the gas stream entering the catalyst reactor to total halogen atoms is at least 1:1. When C.sub.1 organohalogen compounds that do not contain any carbon-hydrogen bonds are to be treated, it is not necessary that the gas stream contain an oxidizing agent, but when organohalogen compounds with at least one carbon-hydrogen bond or other organic compounds are to be converted, the gas stream must contain enough of an oxidizing agent to completely oxidize these compounds to carbon dioxide, water and haloacids. Examples of oxidizing agents are oxygen and air, with air being preferred for convenience. Many gas streams already contain enough oxygen (O.sub.2) to oxidize all the pollutants, and most gas streams contain a large excess. In general, a large excess of air greatly facilitates the oxidation reaction. In the event that the gas stream does not contain enough oxidizing agents, oxygen or air may be injected into the gas stream prior to contact with the catalyst. The minimum amount of oxidizing agent which must be present in the gas stream is the stoichiometric amount necessary to convert the carbon and hydrogen present in the compounds to carbon dioxide and water. For convenience and to ensure that the oxidation reaction goes to completion it is desirable that an excess of the oxidizing agent be present. Accordingly, it is preferable that at least two times the stoichiometric amount and most preferably at least five times the stoichiometric amount of oxidizing agent be present in the waste gas stream. The flow rate of the gas stream over the catalyst is not critical since the contact time required to destroy the pollutants is very short (less than about 1.0 sec). Therefore, the gas hourly space velocity (GHSV) can vary substantially from about 1,000 to about 100,000 hr.sup.-1 and preferably from about 4,000 to about 30,000 hr.sup.-1 based on gas rates calculated at standard temperature and pressure. The GHSV can be controlled by adjusting the size of the catalyst bed. The process of this invention is also applicable to processes wherein liquid organohalogen compounds and organic compounds are vaporized and mixed with an oxidizing agent such as air. It is also to be understood that the process of the present invention is not dependent on the concentration of the organic compounds and/or the organohalogen compounds. Thus, gas streams with a very wide concentration range of pollutants can be treated by the instant process. Once the gas stream has been contacted with the catalyst and the pollutants destroyed, the catalyst treated gas stream may be further treated, if desired, to remove the halogen acid and any halogens which are formed during the conversion process. For example, the catalyst treated gas stream may be passed through a scrubber to absorb the acid. The scrubber may contain a base such as sodium or ammonium hydroxide which neutralizes the acids and solubilizes the halogens as basic hypohalites and halides. A particularly unique feature of our process is that the catalyst can remove greater than 99 percent of the hydrocarbons and organohalogen compounds for long periods of time. For example, in laboratory tests a catalyst consisting of a monolithic honeycomb carrier coated with titania and having dispersed thereon vanadium oxide, tungsten oxide and platinum was able to oxidize at least 99% of the carbon tetrachloride in the test gas at 375.degree. C. and 15,000 hr.sup.-1 GHSV for at least 1,500 hours. In order to more fully illustrate the advantages to be derived from the instant invention, the following examples are set forth. It is to be understood that the examples are by way of illustration only and are not intended as an undue limitation on the broad scope of the invention as set forth in the appended claims. EXAMPLE I A laboratory apparatus was set up to evaluate the efficiency of catalysts for oxidizing hydrocarbons and organohalogen compounds. A quartz tubular reactor was placed inside a Lindburg furnace. The gases were introduced from the bottom of the reactor and flowed upward along an annular section to preheat the gases and then the gases were flowed downwardly over the catalyst. A monolithic honeycomb carrier catalyst having dimensions 2.22 cm diameter by 2.54 cm long was placed in the reactor and evaluated. Table 1 describes the composition of the gas used to evaluate the catalyst. TABLE 1 ______________________________________ Composition of Test Gas Component Concentration (volume) ______________________________________ *Carbon Tetrachloride 1,000 ppm *Chlorobenzene 100 ppm *Dichlorobenzene 100 ppm *Fluorobenzene 100 ppm *Benzene 300 ppm *Toluene 300 ppm Water 1.5% Air Balance ______________________________________ *For these tests, only one of these hydrocarbons or organohalogen compounds was present in the gas during each test. The catalyst was evaluated by flowing the test gas over the catalyst while heating the catalyst to 375.degree. C. If 99% conversion was not reached by 375.degree. C., the temperature was increased until 99% conversion was obtained or a maximum temperature of 600.degree. C. was reached. The furnace was then turned off and the reactor allowed to cool to 150.degree. C. While the temperature was dropping, a flame ionization detector (FID) analyzer was used to analyze the outlet gas and obtain the concentration of residual hydrocarbon or organohalogen compound. The conversion efficiency was calculated at various temperatures by the equation ##EQU1## where C.sub.in and C.sub.out are the inlet and outlet concentrations respectively of the hydrocarbon or organohalogen compound. From these calculations, the temperature required to reach a given conversion was obtained. EXAMPLE II A titania catalyst was prepared as follows. In a ball mill there were mixed 100 g of titania (obtained from Degussa Corp. and designated P-25) and 200 g of water. This mixture was milled for about 3 hours. A cylindrical-shaped cordierite monolith with a diameter of 2.22 cm and a length of 7.62 cm and having 400 square channels per square inch of facial area was dipped into the above-described slurry. After dipping, the excess slurry was blown out with an air gun and the monolith was then calcined in air for about 1 hour at 540.degree. C. This procedure was repeated until the monolith contained 226 g of titania per liter of monolith volume. This catalyst was designated catalyst A. EXAMPLE III A titania and vanadium oxide catalyst was prepared as follows. In a beaker there were mixed 11.6 g of ammonium meta-vanadate and 1,500 g of water. To this solution there were added 150 g of titania. After mixing the mixture was evaporated on a steam bath and then calcined at 540.degree. C. for 1 hour. The resultant powder contained 5.4% vanadium oxide. Next a slurry of the titania/vanadium oxide was prepared by placing 100 g of the powder in a ball mill with 200 g of water and milling for about 3 hours. A cordierite monolith of the size and shape as in Example II was coated as in Example II to give a monolith which contained 195 g of titania per liter of monolith volume. This catalyst was designated catalyst B. EXAMPLE IV A titania and tungsten oxide catalyst was prepared in an analogous manner as the catalyst B of Example II except that 25.8 g of ammonium para-tungstate was used which gave a concentration of 11.1% tungsten oxide. Finally, the monolith contained 214 g of titania per liter of monolith volume. This catalyst was designated catalyst C. EXAMPLE V A catalyst containing titania, vanadium oxide, tungsten oxide and tin oxide was prepared as follows. First, 3.7 g of SnCl.sub.4.5H.sub.2 O were dissolved in 25 g of water which was then neutralized with NH.sub.4 OH to a pH of 7. The precipitate was filtered, dried and dissolved in 2,500 g of water along with 27 g of ammonium para-tungstate and 12 g of ammonium meta-vanadate. To this solution there were added 150 g of titania. This mixture was dried on a steam bath and then calcined at 540.degree. C. for one hour. The composition of the powder was analyzed and found to contain 82.1% titania, 12.6% tungsten oxide, 5.0% vanadium oxide and 0.2% tin oxide. A slurry was prepared by ball milling 100 g of the above powder with 200 g of water for about 3 hours. This slurry was used to coat a cylindrical shaped monolith as in Example II. A total of 207 g of titania per liter of monolith volume was deposited on the monolith. This catalyst was designated catalyst D. EXAMPLE VI A catalyst containing titania, vanadium oxide, tungsten oxide and tin oxide was prepared as in Example V. This sample was now impregnated with platinum by dipping the monolith into a 50 ml aqueous solution of chloroplatinic acid having a concentration of 11 mg Pt/ml of solution. After impregnation the catalyst was calcined at 540.degree. C. for one hour. Part of the catalyst was analyzed and found to contain 1.7 g Pt/l of volume or 0.8 weight percent of the titania. This catalyst was designated catalyst E. EXAMPLE VII Samples A, B, C, D and E were tested using the procedure of Example I. A new sample of catalyst was used in testing for destruction of benzene or carbon tetrachloride. These results are presented in Table 2. TABLE 2 ______________________________________ Catalyst Efficiency for the Destruction of Hydrocarbons and Organohalogen Compounds Catalyst I.D. Benzene Conversion CCl.sub.4 Conversion *T-99 *T-90 *T-50 *T-99 *T-90 *T-50 ______________________________________ A (TiO.sub.2) -- 575 390 289 271 246 B (TiO.sub.2 / 404 355 297 335 292 238 V.sub.2 O.sub.5) C (TiO.sub.2 WO.sub.3) -- 475 292 260 235 205 D (TiO.sub.2 / 355 316 270 290 253 212 V.sub.2 O.sub.5 WO.sub.3 / SnO.sub.2) E (TiO.sub.2 / 305 268 235 280 248 210 V.sub.2 O.sub.5 WO.sub.3 / SnO.sub.2 /Pt) ______________________________________ *Temperature (.degree.C.) required to reach stated conversion. The data presented in Table 2 show that a titania only catalyst (catalyst A) can convert 99% of CCl.sub.4 at a temperature below 300.degree. C. Adding V.sub.2 O.sub.5 to titania (catalyst B) improves its ability to oxidize benzene, but inhibits the titania ability to convert CCl.sub.4. The combination of titania and tungsten oxide (catalyst C) improves the conversion of CCl.sub.4 while the combination of titania/V.sub.2 O.sub.5 /WO.sub.3 /SnO.sub.3 (catalyst D) improves benzene conversion. Finally, adding platinum gives the best activity for benzene oxidation. 71 345802 19890501 03 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Catalytic incineration (oxidation) is an energy efficient method of purifying waste gases, e.g. vapor of solvents, inks, paints, etc. which contain noxious and/or toxic organic components including hydrocarbons and oxygenated hydrocarbons such as alcohols, esters, acids, etc. Such a process involves contacting the waste gas stream with a catalyst in the presence of excess oxygen at a temperature below about 600.degree. C. The contact or residence time of the waste gas with the catalyst is very short, on the order of less than 0.1 seconds. However, the presence of halogenated compounds in the gas stream usually prohibits the use of this process because the catalysts which are used are poisoned or deactivated by the halogen compounds. Streams containing halogenated organic compounds, referred to hereinafter as organohalogen compounds, usually must be purified by thermal incineration at temperatures of at least 1100.degree. C., using reactors which are large enough to provide long residence times, on the order of greater than 1 second. Thus, thermal incinerators have two disadvantages; 1) the gas stream must be heated to high temperatures, requiring consumption of large amounts of fuel, and 2) the large reactors require a large capital investment. Therefore, there is a need for a catalyst which can destroy organohalogen compounds at lower temperatures and shorter residence times. The prior art shows that gas streams containing simple organohalides can be oxidized using a catalyst. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 4,039,623 teaches that a waste containing C.sub.2 -C.sub.4 halogenated hydrocarbons may be treated by contacting the waste gas with a hydrated nickel oxide catalyst. The process described in the '623 patent works best on unsaturated chlorinated hydrocarbons such as vinyl chloride. U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,059,675, 4,059,676 and 4,059,683 respectively disclose the use of catalysts containing ruthenium, ruthenium plus platinum and platinum dispersed on a non-oxidizing support to decompose chlorinated organic compounds having one to four carbons. The halogenated organic compounds are characterized in that the total number of hydrogen atoms is at least equal to the total number of halogen atoms in the compound. The compounds are contacted with the catalyst at a temperature of at least 350.degree. C. The oxidation products are CO.sub.2, H.sub.2 O, HCl and Cl.sub.2. Thus, both HCl and Cl.sub.2 are produced using these catalysts and processes. The production of Cl.sub.2 is undesirable because it is extremely corrosive. Japanese Disclosure J61141919-A teaches than an exhaust gas containing 1,1,1-trichloroethane can be treated by contacting with one or more catalytic oxides of vanadium, chromium, tungsten, manganese, cobalt and nickel. The gas must be contacted with the catalyst for 1-30 seconds at 150.degree.-300.degree. C. Finally, Murakami et al. (see Preprints of Papers of The Seventh International Congress on Catalysis, Jul. 3-4, 1980, Tokyo, Japan, paper B49) disclose that a vanadium oxide on titania catalyst can oxidize benzene, but of the benzene which is oxidized only half of the benzene is completely oxidized, while the other half is converted to maleic anhydride. It has also been reported by G. C. Bond and N. Sadeghi in J. Appl. Chem. Biotechnol., 25, 241-248 (1975) that a Pt on gamma alumina catalyst could be used to destroy compounds such as CCl.sub.4, CHCl.sub.3, etc. However, their method requires the combustion of a hydrocarbon fuel and must be run at temperatures above 420.degree. C. in order to be effective. Finally, a review of the state of the art has been published by J. J. Spivey, Ind. Eng. Chem. Res., 26, 2165-80 (1987). What these references indicate is that a process is not available which can convert organohalogen compounds and especially C.sub.1 organohalogen compounds that do not contain any C--H bonds, e.g., CCl.sub.4, ClCOOH, CF.sub.2 Cl.sub.2, CF.sub.4, etc., to carbon dioxide, water, and haloacids (haloacids are HCl, HBr, etc.) at a low temperature and high space velocity. These conditions must be met if a process is to have commercial success. Applicant has addressed this problem and has discovered catalysts which can be tailored to the compounds present in the gas stream such that the gas stream can be effectively treated at temperatures as low as 300.degree. C. and a space velocity of about 15,000 hr.sup.-1. Applicant's process involves contacting a gas stream with a catalyst at operating conditions. If only C.sub.1 organohalogen compounds that do not contain any C--H bonds need to be converted, then the catalyst contains titania and optionally tungsten oxide. If both organohalogen compounds and other organic compounds need to be converted a titania catalyst may be used, although a preferred catayst will contain titania and vanadium oxide and optionally tungsten oxide and/or a noble metal such as platinum. Finally, tin oxide may be added to any of the above catalysts primarily to increase their stability. Using applicant's catalyst, 99% of the carbon tetrachloride in a gas stream is converted to carbon dioxide and hydrogen chloride at a temperature as low as 240.degree. C. and practical residence times of less than 0.3 seconds. Applicant is the first person to accomplish such a result. A comparison of the instant catalyst to those reported in the prior art quickly reveals the tremendous advantages of the instant catalyst. For example, applicant's catalyst completely oxidizes benzene to CO.sub.2 and water whereas the catalyst of the prior art (Murakami) oxidizes benzene to CO.sub.2 and water and to maleic anhydride. Obviously the latter is an undesirable result if one wishes to treat a gas stream containing such chemicals. Additionally, the catalysts of U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,059,675, 4,059,676, 4,059,683 and 4,039,623 are claimed to be effective for oxidizing only those halogenated compounds containing 1 to 4 carbon atoms (excluding carbon tetrachloride). In contrast, applicant's catalyst is able to convert a variety of organohalogen compounds to innocuous compounds regardless of the number of carbon atoms or whether hydrogen atoms are present on the compound or not. Even the Bond and Sadeghi reference which reports conversion of carbon tetrachloride requires temperatures of at least 420.degree. C. and the presence of a hydrocarbon fuel. Therefore, applicant's process represents a substantial improvement in the art. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to a process and catalysts for treating a gas stream. Accordingly, one embodiment of the invention is a process for treating a gas stream containing C.sub.1 organohalogen compounds that do not have any carbon-hydrogen bonds, comprising contacting the gas stream at a temperature of about 200.degree. to about 500.degree. C. with a catalyst comprising titania in the presence of an effective amount of water to convert said organohalogen compounds to carbon dioxide and haloacids. Yet another embodiment of this invention is a process for treating a gas stream containing compounds selected from the group consisting of organohalogen compounds, other organic compounds and mixtures thereof, comprising contacting the gas stream with a catalyst comprising titania at a temperature of about 200.degree. to about 500.degree. C. in the presence of an oxidizing agent and water in an amount effective to convert said compounds to carbon dioxide, water and haloacids. A further embodiment is a catalyst for treating a gas stream containing organohalogen compounds, other organic compounds and mixtures thereof comprising as active catalytic components titania, vanadium oxide, tungsten oxide, and at least one noble metal selected from the group consisting of platinum, palladium and rhodium, the catalyst characterized in that the vanadium oxide, tungsten oxide and noble metal are uniformly dispersed on the titania. Other objects and embodiments will become more apparent after a more detailed description of the invention. </SPEC><CLAIM>I claim as my invention: 1. 1. A process for treating a gas stream containing C.sub.1 organohalogen compounds that do not have any carbon-hydrogen bonds comprising contacting the gas stream at a temperature of about 200.degree. to about 500.degree. C. with a catalyst consisting essentially of titania and optionally at least one member of the group consisting of tungsten oxide, vanadium oxide, tin oxide and the noble metals platinum, palladium, and rhodium in the presence of an effective amount of water to convert said organohalogen compounds to carbon dioxide and haloacids. 2. 2. The process of claim 1 where the catalyst contains tungsten oxide in a concentration, as the metal, from about 0.1 to about 20 weight percent of the titania. 3. 3. The process of claim 1 or 2 where the catalyst contains vanadium oxide in a concentration, as the metal, from about 0.1 to about 20 weight percent of the titania. 4. 4. The process of claim 1 where the noble metal is platinum present in a concentration from about 0.01 to about 5 weight percent of the titania. 5. 5. The process of claim 1 where said gas stream has an H:X atomic ratio of at least 1:1 where X is the total concentration of halogen atoms. 6. 6. The process of claim 1, 2, or 3 where the catalyst contains tin oxide in a concentration of about 0.1 to about 2.0 gram atoms of tin per 100 gram atoms of titanium. 7. 7. The process of claim 1 where the titania is in the shape of spheres, granules or extrudates. 8. 8. The process of claim 7 where the titania is in the shape of extrudates. 9. 9. The process of claim 1 where the titania is deposited on a ceramic or metallic honeycomb carrier and is present in a concentration of about 50 to about 400 g of titania per liter of carrier volume. 10. 10. A process for treating a gas stream containing organohalogen compounds and optionally halogen-free compounds comprising contacting the gas stream with a catalyst consisting essentially of titania and optionally at least one member of the group consisting of tungsten oxide, vanadium oxide, tin oxide, and the noble metals platinum, palladium, and rhodium at a temperature of about 200.degree. to about 500.degree. C. in the presence of an oxidizing agent and optionally water in amounts effective to convert said compounds to carbon dioxide, water, and haloacids. 11. 11. The process of claim 10 where the catalyst contains vanadium oxide in a concentration, as the metal, from about 0.1 to about 20 weight percent of the titania. 12. 12. The process of claim 10 where the noble metal is platinum present in a concentration from about 0.01 to about 5 weight percent of the titania. 13. 13. The process of claim 10 or 11 where the catalyst contains tungsten oxide present in a concentration, as the metal, from about 0.1 to about 20 weight percent of the titania. 14. 14. The process of claim 10, 11, or 13 where the catalyst contains tin oxide in a concentration of about 0.1 to about 2.0 gram atoms of tin per 100 gram atoms of titanium. 15. 15. The process of claim 10 where the titania is in the shape of spheres, granules or extrudates. 16. 16. The process of claim 10 where the titania is in the shape of extrudates. 17. 17. The process of claim 10 where the titania is deposited on a ceramic or metallic honeycomb carrier and is present in a concentration of about 50 to about 400 g of titania per liter of carrier volume. 18. 18. The process of claim 10 where said gas stream has an H:X atomic ratio of at least 1:1 where X is the total concentration of halogen atoms.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176898</DOCNO><APP-NO>838987</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19920221</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176898</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K  7/11</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 47</PRI-USPC><CITATION>2826551/19580300	4172887/19791000	4374825/19830200	4387090/19830600	4423032/19831200	4472375/19840900	4529586/19850700	4543249/19850900	4764363/19880800	4798722/19890100	4818523/19890400	4871529/19891000	4902499/19900200	4954336/19900900	4983377/19910100	4983383/19910100	5068099/19911100</CITATION><INVENTOR>Goldberg; Marvin E.<tab>Bhambhani; Malti<tab>Brandon; Arthur</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Revlon Consumer Products Corporation</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Aerosol hairsprays containing low VOC content</TITLE><ABST>An aqueous hair spray composition having low VOC content and a method for styling the hair using the composition of the invention.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION There are two preferred embodiments in the present invention. The first embodiment is directed to an aqueous hairspray composition containing less than 80% VOC's comprising about 0.005-1.0% volatile silicone, 15-40% water/alcohol solution, 5-60% propellant, 1.0-10.0% water soluble resin, and 0.05-3.0% neutralizer/plasticizer. The volatile silicones suitable for use in the invention may be either cyclic or linear polydimethylsiloxanes. The term "volatile" means that the silicone has a measurable vapor pressure. The number of silicon atoms in the cyclic silicones is preferably from about 3 to about 7, more preferably 4 or 5. The general formula for such silicones is ##STR1## wherein n=3-7. The cyclic silicones generally have viscosities below 10 centistokes (cs) at 25.degree. C. The linear polydimethylsiloxanes have from about 3 to 9 silicone atoms and have the general formula (CH.sub.3).sub.3 Si--O--Si(CH.sub.3).sub.2 --O--.sub.n --Si(CH.sub.3).sub.3 where n=1-7. The linear volatile silicones generally have viscosities of less than about 5 centistokes at 25.degree. C. The cyclic silicones are preferred in the composition of the invention. The term "neutralizer/plasticizer" means an ingredient which acts to make the resin less brittle. Plasticizers act to make the resins less brittle, and neutralizers act to make the resins more water soluble and by doing so make the resins less brittle, thereby exerting a plasticizing effect. The term "propellant" in accordance with the invention means compositions used to effect propellant action in aerosol systems. Suitable propellants include n-butane, isobutane, dimethyl ether, difluoroethane, chlorodifluoroethane, chlorodifluoromethane, other chlorofluorocarbons, or mixtures thereof. Preferred propellants are dimethyl ether, 1,1-difluoroethane, n-butane, isobutane, or mixtures thereof. These propellants are manufactured by Dupont and are available under the trade names Dymel A, Dymel 152. Hydrocarbon A17, and Hydrocarbon A31. Similar propellants are also available commercially from a variety of other suppliers. The composition of the invention preferably contains a mixture of propellants, namely dimethyl ether, n-butane, and isobutane. Preferably the amount of propellant used in the composition ranges from 10-40%. The water/alcohol solution generally comprises from about 4-6 parts water and about 6-4 parts alcohol, preferably so that the percentage of alcohol in the final composition is about 40-70% and the percentage of water in the final composition is is about 15-40%. A variety of resins are suitable including vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/vinyl neodecanoate copolymer, octyl acrylamide/acrylates/butyl amino ethyl methacrylate copolymer, vinyl acetate/crotonic acid, polyvinylpyrollidone (PVP), polyvinyl pyrollidone vinyl acetate copolymer, PVP Acrylates copolymer, etc Vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/vinyl neodecanoate copolymer is preferred. It may be also desireable to incorporate other ingredients into the hair spray composition, such as moisturizers, fragrances, etc. Preferably, a composition according to the invention contains all the constituents mentioned above and in addition, 0.001-1.0% surfactant. Surfactants reduce the surface tension between the aqueous and resin phase and allow for sprays containing a smaller droplet size or mist. Suitable surfactants include anionic, cationic, nonionic, or amphoteric surfactants having an HLB of 6-12, including PPG 28 Buteth 35, dimethicone copolyol, PEG 75 lanolin, perfluoropolymethyl isopropyl ether, polysiloxane polyether copolymers, octoxynol-9, PEG-25 hydrogenated castor oil, polyethylene terephthalate, polyethylene glycol 25 glyceryl trioleate, oleth-3 phosphate, PPG-5-ceteth-10 phosphate, PEG-20 methyl glucose ether, etc. Suitable plasticizers or neutralizers include amino methyl propanol, polysorbate 80, acetylated lanolin alcohol, cetyl acetate, propylene glycol, lauramide DEA, dimethyl stearamine, laneth-10 acetate, laureth 10 acetate, PPG-20 methyl glucose ether. If fragrance is incorporated into the composition, about 0.05-1% is suggested. The composition may also contain 0.00001-3% moisturizers which are useful for providing a moisturizing effect to hair. Suitable moisturizers include hydrolyzed silk protein, panthenol, hydrolyzed wheat protein, etc. The composition of the invention is capable of providing excellent holding power to hair without causing droop or tackiness under high humidity conditions. Furthermore, the composition works very well with standard aerosol containers and will not clog the nozzle or cause other undesireable effects. The second preferred embodiment of the invention is an anhydrous hairspray composition containing less than 80% VOC's comprising 5-60% propellant, 1.0-10.0% resin, 0.05-3.0% neutralizer/plasticizer, and 50-98% alcohol. Suitable alcohols are C.sub.2-6 organic alcohols including ethanol, isopropanol, and the like. The resins mentioned above are suitable and in addition other water insoluble resins such as the ethyl ester of Polyvinyl methacrylate/maleic anhydride (PVM/MA) copolymer, and the butyl ester of PVM/MA copolymer, and the like are suitable. Vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/vinyl neodecanoate copolymer, and amphomer resin or octylacrylamide/acrylates/butylaminoethyl methacrylate copolymer, PVP acrylates copolymer are preferred. Suitable propellants include n-butane, isobutane, propane, dimethyl ether, difluoroethane, chlorodifluoroethane, chlorodifluoromethane, other chlorofluorocarbons, or mixtures thereof. N-butane, isobutane, and dimethyl ether are preferred. These anhydrous compositions have very effective hair holding properties, yet contain less than 80% VOC. The invention is also directed to a method for styling hair comprising spraying the hair with an effective amount of the hair spray composition of the invention. The composition is applied in one or more short applications or sprays, and the hair dries almost instantly. The hair can be styled prior to spraying, and the applied spray will serve to set the hair. The invention will be further described in connection with the following examples which are set forth for the purpose of illustration only. EXAMPLE 1 An aqueous hair spray in accordance with the invention was made as follows: ______________________________________ w/w % ______________________________________ Ethanol 60.0 Amino methyl propanol 0.44 Vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/ 4.70 vinyl neodecanoate copolymer Fragrance 0.20 Hydrolyzed silk protein 0.0001 Cyclomethicone 0.100 Water 24.5599 To 70% concentration 100.00 A31 10.00 Dymel A 20.00 ______________________________________ A cold process was employed to make the hairspray. In a stainless steel vessel ethanol was charged and with propeller stirring the amino methyl propanol was added, followed by the vinyl acetate/crotonic acid polyer. The hydrolyze silk protein was slowly added while vortexing, and the fragrance, cyclomethicone, and water were added. Seventy percent or seventy parts of this solution was mixed with 10 parts of Hydrocarbon A31 and 20 parts Dymel A to make a 100 percent solution. EXAMPLE 2 A anhydrous ultimate hold hairspray with less than 80% VOC was made as follows: ______________________________________ w/w % pref'd range ______________________________________ SD-40B Alcohol 92.8959 80-98 Aminomethylpropanol 0.634 0.1-1.0 Vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/ 5.0 2-10 vinyl neodecanoate copolymer Polysorbate 80 0.20 0.1-1.0 PPG 20 methyl glucose ether 0.07 .01-.10 Fragrance 0.20 0.1-0.5 Hydrolyzed silk protein 0.0001 .00001-0.5 Octylacrylamide/acrylates/butyl- 1.000 0.25-2.0 aminoethyl Methacrylate co- polymer ______________________________________ Seventy parts of the above concentrate was mixed with 17% Dymel 152A and 13% A17 to yield a hairspray in compliance with 80% VOC limits. EXAMPLE 3 An anhydrous extra hold hairspray was made as follows: ______________________________________ w/w % pref'd range ______________________________________ SD 40B Alcohol 94.7299 80-97 Aminomethyl propanol 0.40 0.1-1.0 Vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/ 4.25 2-10 vinyl neodecanoate copolymer Polysorbate 80 0.20 0.1-1.0 Laneth-10 acetate 0.15 0.1-0.5 PPG 20 Methyl glucose ether 0.07 .01-.10 Fragrance 0.20 .1-0.5 Hydrolyzed silk protein 0.0001 .00001-0.5 ______________________________________ Seventy parts of the above solution was mixed with 17 parts Dymel 152A and 13 parts A17 to yield an extra hold hairspray within 80% VOC limits. EXAMPLE 4 A water based extra hold hairspray was made as follows: ______________________________________ w/w % ______________________________________ Alcohol SD-40B 60.00 60.00 60.00 60.00 Amino methyl 0.44 0.44 0.44 0.44 propanol Vinyl acetate/crotonic 4.70 4.70 4.70 4.70 acid/vinyl neodecan- oate copolymer Alcohol SD-40B 10.00 10.00 10.00 10.00 Dimethicone copolyol 0.20 0.20 0.20 -- Fragrance -- -- -- 0.20 Hydrolyzed silk 0.0001 0.0001 0.0001 0.0001 protein Water 24.5599 24.5599 24.5599 24.5599 Dimethicone 0.10 -- -- 0.10 PPG 28 Buteth-35 -- 0.10 -- 0.10 Cyclomethicone -- -- 0.1 -- ______________________________________ Seventy parts of the above solutions were mixed with 10 parts A31 and 20 parts Dymel A. EXAMPLE 5 A water based ultimate hold hairspray was made as follows: ______________________________________ w/w % ______________________________________ Alcohol SD-40B 60.00 60.00 Aminomethyl propanol 0.65 0.55 Vinyl acetate/crotonic acid 7.00 7.00 neodecanoate copolymer Alcohol SD-40B 7.0499 7.0499 Fragrance 0.20 0.20 Hydrolyzed silk protein 0.0001 0.0001 Water 25.00 25.00 Cyclomethicone 0.100 0.100 ______________________________________ Seventy parts of the above solution was mixed with 10 parts of A31 and 20 parts of Dymel A to yield 100% composition. While the invention has been described in connection with the preferred embodiment, it is not intended to limit the scope of the invention to the particular form set forth, but, on the contrary it is intended to cover such alternatives, modifications and equivalents as may be included within the spirit and scope of the invention as defined by the appended claims. TECHNICAL FIELD The invention is in the field of aerosol hair spray compositions. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION VOC's (volatile organic compounds) are widely used as propellants in aerosol spray products such as hair sprays, deodorants, and the like. Some environmentalists believe that VOC's have an adverse effect on the ozone layer of the earth's atmosphere. Thus, environmental lobbies in various states are working toward enacting legislation which reduces or eliminates the use of VOC's in personal care products marketed in the aerosol spray form. Legislation has been enacted in certain states which limits the amount of VOC's in an aerosol product to 80%. It is anticipated that by 1996 only 55% VOC's will be permitted in aerosol spray products. Aerosol hair sprays are ubiquitous in our society, and are usually anhydrous compositions which contain hair fixative resins in conjunction with a volatile propellant or VOC. The propellant enables the resin to be applied to the hair in a fine dispersed spray which exhibits hair holding power. If VOC's are reduced or removed from hair sprays, other nonvolatile constituents must be substituted in place of the VOC. There are few nonvolatile liquids which would be suitable, and of those, water is preferred for economic and safety reasons. However, eliminating or reducing VOC's in anhydrous systems, or moving into low VOC content aqueous based systems involves significantly changing formulation constituents. For example, if VOC's are reduced in the traditional anhydrous systems, they must be replaced with some suitable non-VOC ingredient. If that ingredient is water, the result is an aqueous based system and the traditional water insoluble resins must be replaced with water soluble resins. However, it has been found that hair sprays comprised of water soluble resins in an aqueous system are commercially unsatisfactory because these compositions cause hair to droop and become tacky under high humidity, and they prolong the drying time of the hair. In addition, the water beads which accumulate on hair are too large due to increased surface tension. These systems are also difficult to use with aerosol containers, often clogging the spray nozzle or causing system malfunction. There is thus a need for hairsprays which contain less than 80% VOC's and yet provide an aesthetically pleasing commercial product. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The invention is directed to an aqueous aerosal hair spray comprising about 0.005-1.0%, volatile silicone, 15-40% water/alcohol solution, 5-60% propellant, 1.0-10.0% water soluble resin, and 0.05-3.0% neutralizer/plasticizer. The invention is directed to an anhydrous hairspray composition containing less than 80% VOC comprising 5-60% propellant, 1.0-10.0% resin, 0.05-3.0% neutralizer/plasticizer, and 50-98% alcohol. The invention is also directed to a method for styling hair comprising spraying the hair with an effective amount of the compositions of the invention. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. An aqueous aerosol hair spray composition consisting essentially of less than 80 percent volatile organic compounds, about 0.005-0.5% of a volatile silicone selected from the group consisting of cyclomethicone or dimethicone copolyol, 40-70% alcohol, 15-40% water, 5-60% of a propellant selected from the group consisting of a butane, isobutane, propane, dimethyl ether, difluoroethane, chlorodifluoroethane, chlorodifluoromethane, or mixtures thereof, 1.0-10.0% of a water soluble resin selected from the group consisting of vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/vinyl neodecanoate copolymer, octyl acrylamide/acrylates/butyl amino ethyl methacrylate copolymer, vinyl acetate/crotonic acid, polyvinylpyrollidone (PVP), PVP vinyl acetate copolymer, PVP acrylates copolymer, or mixtures thereof, 0.001-1.0% surfactants, and 0.05-3.0% neutralizer/plasticizer. 2. 2. The composition of claim 1 wherein the water soluble resin is vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/vinyl neodecanoate copolymer. 3. 3. The composition of claim 2 wherein the propellant is dimethyl ether, n-butane, isobutane, or mixtures thereof. 4. 4. The composition of claim 3 wherein the surfactant is an anionic, cationic, nonionic, or amphoteric surfactant having an HLB of 6-12. 5. 5. The composition of claim 4 wherein the plasticizer/neutralizer is amino methyl propanol, polysorbate 80, a mixture of polysorbate 80/acetylated lanolin alcohol, cetyl acetate, propylene glycol, laneth-10 acetate, lauramide DEA, dimethyl stearamine, laureth 10 acetate, PPG-20 methyl glucose ether, or mixtures thereof. 6. 6. The composition of claim 5 additionally containing 0.05-5% fragrance. 7. 7. A method for styling hair comprising spraying the hair with an effective amount of an aqueous aerosol hair spray consisting essentially of less than 80 percent volatile organic compounds, about 0.005-0.5% of a volatile silicone selected from the group consisting of cyclomethicone or dimethicone copolyol, 40-70% alcohol, 15-40% water, 5-60% of a propellant selected from the group consisting of n-butane, isobutane, propane, dimethyl ether, difluoroethane, chlorodifluoroethane, chlorodifluoromethane, r mixtures hereof, 1.0-10.0% of a water soluble resin selected from the group consisting of vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/vinyl neodecanoate copolymer, octyl acrylamide/acrylates/butyl amino ethyl methacrylate copolymer, vinyl acetate/crotonic acid, polyvinylpyrollidone (PVP), PVP vinyl acetate copolymer, PVP acrylates copolymer, or mixtures thereof, 0.001-1.0% surfactant, and 0.05-3.0% neutralizer/plasticizer. 8. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the composition is applied after styling the hair. 9. 9. An anhydrous hairspray composition consisting essentially of less than 80% VOC, 5-60% of a propellant selected from the group consisting of n-butane, isobutane, propane, dimethyl ether, difluoroethane, chlorodifluoroethane, chlorodifluoromethane, or mixtures thereof, 1.0-10.0% of a resin selected from the group consisting of the ethyl ester of polyvinyl methacrylate/maleic anhydride (PVM/MA) copolymer, butyl ester of PVM/MA copolymer, vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/vinyl neodecanoate copolymer, the amphomer resin of octylacrylamide/acrylates/butyl aminoethyl methacrylate copolymer, PVP acrylates copolymer, or mixtures thereof, 0.05-3.0% neutralizer/plasticizer, and 80-98% alcohol. 10. 10. The composition of claim 9 wherein the alcohol is ethanol. 11. 11. The composition of claim 10 wherein the propellant is selected from the group consisting of dimethyl ether, n-butane, isobutane, or mixtures thereof. 12. 12. A method for styling hair comprising applying to the hair an effective amount of an anhydrous hairspray composition consisting essentially of less than 80 percent VOC. 5-60% of a propellant selected from the group consisting of n-butane, isobutane, propane, dimethyl ether, difluoroethane, chlorodifluoroethane, chlorodifluoromethane, or mixtures thereof, 1.0-10.0% of a resin selected from the group consisting of the ethyl ester of polyvinyl methacrylate/maleic anhydride (PVM/MA) copolymer, butyl ester of PVM/MA copolymer, vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/vinyl neodecanoate copolymer, the amphomer resin of octylacrylamide/acrylates/butyl aminoethyl methacrylate copolymer, PVP acrylates copolymer, or mixtures thereof, 0.05-3.0% neutralizer/plasticizer, and 80-98% alcohol. 13. 13. An anhydrous hairspray composition containing less than 80% VOC, which contains about 70 parts of a Composition A comprising: a) 80-98% SD-40B alcohol, b) 0.1-1.0% amino methyl propanol, c) 2-10% vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/vinyl neodecanoate copolymer, d) 0.1-1.0% Polysorbate 80, e) 0.01-0.10% PPG-20 methyl glucose ether, f) 0.1-0.5% fragrance, g) 0.00001-0.5% hydrolyzed silk protein, and about 30 parts of a propellant selected from the group consisting of dimethyl ether, 1-1, difluoroethane, n-butane, isobutane, or mixtures thereof. 14. 14. The composition of claim 13 where Composition A additionally comprises 0.25-2.0% octylacrylamide/acrylates butyl aminoethyl methacrylate copolymer. 15. 15. An aqueous aerosol hair spray composition consisting essentially of less than 80 percent volatile organic compounds, about 0.005-0.5% of a volatile silicone selected from the group consisting of cyclomethicone or dimethicone copolyol, 40-70% alcohol, 15-40% water, 5-60% propellant selected from the group consisting of n-butane, isobutane, propane, dimethyl ether, difluoroethane, chlorodifluoroethane, chlorodifluoromethane, or mixtures thereof, 1.0-10.0% of a water soluble resin selected from the group consisting of vinyl acetate/crotonic acid/vinyl neodecanoate copolymer, octyl acrylamide/acrylates/butyl amino ethyl methacrylate copolymer, vinyl acetate/crotonic acid, polyvinylpyrollidone (PVP), PVP vinyl acetate copolymer, PVP acrylates copolymer, or mixtures thereof, 0.001-1.0% surfactant, 0.00001-3% moisturizers, and 0.05-3.0% neutralizer/plasticizer. 16. 16. The composition of claim 15 wherein the moisturizer is hydrolyzed silk protein.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176899</DOCNO><APP-NO>797776</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19911125</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176899</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K  7/16</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 50</PRI-USPC><CITATION>3840657/19741000	3946108/19760300	4020154/19770400	4139665/19790200	4150113/19790400	4178362/19791200	4269822/19810500	4537764/19850800	4578265/19860300	4599363/19860700	4657540/19870400	4658605/19870400	4690772/19870900	4871532/19891000	4933411/19900600</CITATION><INVENTOR>Montgomery; Robert E.</INVENTOR><TITLE>Antimicrobial dentifrice</TITLE><ABST>A stabilized aqueous dentifrice composition capable of producing or, in the presence of saliva, leading to the production of antimicrobially effective concentrations of hypothiocyanite ions (OSCN--) are herein described. The composition contains both an oxidoreductase enzyme and its specific substrate, for the purpose of producing hydrogen peroxide of at least the minimum effective concentration. The aqueous dentifrice compositions of the present invention can be stabilized against premature enzyme/substrate interaction by controlling the level of dissolved oxygen in the aqueous dentifrice carrier. Optionally, a peroxidase enzyme may be included to act upon the aforementioned hydrogen peroxide, thereby oxidizing salivary thiocyanate ions to produce the antimicrobial concentrations of hypothiocyanite ions (OSCN--). Optionally, thiocyanate ions may also be included in the compositions of this invention in an amount sufficient, together with the other inventive ingredients, to produce in excess of about 100 micromoles/liter/minute of hypothiocyanite ions during use. The amount of water contained in dentifrice compositions is not important to the stability of the composition, provided that the level of oxygen is kept in control. The method of making the dentifrice composition to contain minimal amounts of oxygen is also disclosed.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION In its simplest form, this invention comprises aqueous dentifrice compositions containing an oxidoreductase enzyme and a substrate specific to said enzyme for the purpose of producing hydrogen peroxide upon use. In particular, only those oxidoreductase enzymes which utilize water as a co-reactant and oxygen as an electron donor, thereby producing hydrogen peroxide upon reaction with a specific substrate, are contemplated. Suitable oxidoreductases include, but are not limited to, glucose oxidase, galactose oxidase, glycollate oxidase, lactate oxidase, L-gulunolactone oxidase, L-2-hydroxyacid oxidase, aldehyde oxidase, xanthine oxidase, D-aspartate oxidase, L-amino acid oxidase, D-amino acid oxidase, monoamine oxidase, pyridoxaminephosphate oxidase, diamine oxidase, and sulfite oxidase. The preferred oxidoreductase is glucose oxidase. Suitable substrates are specific to the particular oxidoreductase chosen and are well known in the art. For instance, beta D-glucose is a specific substrate for glucose oxidase. Other suitable substrates include, but are not limited to D-glucose, D-galactose, L-sorbose, ethanol, tyramine, 1,4-diaminobutane, 6-hydroxy-L-nicotine, 6-hydroxy-D-nicotine, 2-aminophenol, glycollate, L-lactate, 2-deoxy-D-Glucose, L-gulunolactone, L-galactonolactone, D-mannonolactone, L-2-hydroxyisocaproate, acetaldehyde, butyraldehyde, xanthine, D-aspartate, D-glutamate, L-amino acids and D-amino acids. The inventive dentifrice compositions shall thus contain at least one of the above oxidoreductases and at least one substrate specific to said oxidoreductase, for the purpose of producing hydrogen peroxide at a rate of at least 100 micromoles/liter/minute during use, and preferably 1.0 to 5.0 millimoles/liter/minute. Hydrogen peroxide production may be controlled by varying either the concentration of oxidoreductase or the concentration of substrate. For a given rate of hydrogen peroxide production, it is seen to be more economical to increase the level of substrate in the dentifrice composition in order to maximize the rate achievable at a specific oxidoreductase level. Oxidoreductase concentrations may be subsequently increased if substrate enhancement no longer yields a higher or desired rate of hydrogen peroxide production. In general, substrate concentrations may range from about 0.01 percent to about 20 percent or more, by weight of the dentifrice composition. The compositions of the present invention contain, in general from about 0.1 Units to about 100 Units of an oxidoreductase enzyme per gram of dentifrice, and, optionally, from about 0.1 Units to about 1000 Units of a peroxidase enzyme per gram of dentifrice. The hydrogen peroxide producing dentifrice described above may optionally include a peroxidase enzyme for the purpose of utilizing said hydrogen peroxide to oxidize thiocyanate ions (SCN--), which are normally found in saliva, to antimicrobial hypothiocyanite ions (OSCN--). Any peroxidase capable of utilizing hydrogen peroxide to oxidize thiocyanate is contemplated to have utility in the practice of this portion of the invention. Suitable peroxidases include, but are not limited to, lactoperoxidase, myeloperoxidase, salivary peroxidase, and chloroperoxidase. The preferred peroxidase is lactoperoxidase. The concentration of peroxidase shall be sufficient to produce hypothiocyanite ions at a rate of about 100 micromoles/liter/minute when interacting with the hydrogen peroxide produced by the oxidoreductase/substrate reaction and the thiocyanate ions found in saliva. Optionally, the dentifrice compositions described above may contain a thiocyanate ion source in order to provide a complete hypothiocyanite ion producing dentifrice, independent of the availability of such ions in saliva. Thiocyanate ions may be included in the composition at concentrations of from about 0.10 millimoles/gram of liquid carrier to about 10.00 millimoles/gram of liquid carrier, as the term liquid carrier is used herein as defined below. Thiocyanate ion sources such as sodium thiocyanate, potassium thiocyanate, ammonium thiocyanate, and other thiocyanate salts are contemplated to have utility in such complete systems. The preferred thiocyanate ion sources are potassium thiocyanate and sodium thiocyanate. In addition to the inventive ingredients described above, the dentifrice compositions of this invention are seen to contain many of the components normally found in such compositions and readily familiar to those skilled in the art. A number of ingredients in the inventive compositions are included or chosen to address the stability requirements for the oxidoreductase and, optionally, the peroxidase enzymes. Dentifrice compositions of this invention contain a liquid carrier, comprised of water and a humectant, in an amount ranging from about 10% to about 90% by weight of the composition. Suitable humectants include, but are not limited to glycerine, propylene glycol, sorbitol (70% solution), polyethylene glycols, polypropylene glycols, and mixtures thereof. The water content of the composition may typically range from about 5% to about 50% by weight, most preferably from about 20% to about 35% by weight of the total composition. In order to achieve the desirable aesthetics of flow and flavor release in the final dentifrice composition, a thickener is advantageously included to provide and control viscosity and thixotropy. Suitable thickeners include natural and synthetic water-soluble polymers such as sodium carboxymethylcellulose (CMC, Aqualon, Inc., Wilmington, Del.) xanthan gum, calcium carrageenan, locust bean gum, gum tragacanth, hydroxyethylcellulose (Natrosol, Hercules, Inc.), sodium alginate, starch, polyvinylpyrrolidone, polyacrylic acid (Carbopol, B. F. Goodrich), and others. Inorganic thickeners such as magnesium aluminum silicate (Veegum, R. T. Vanderbilt) hectorites (such as Laponite, La Porte, Ltd.), and hydrated silicas (Sylodent, W. R. Grace), among others, are also useful thickeners for the dentifrice compositions of this invention. The removal of plaque and tartar by the physical motion of toothbrushing is improved by the inclusion of abrasives in the dentifrice composition. Abrasives commonly included in typical dentifrice compositions are contemplated and include, but are not limited to, calcium pyrophosphate, calcium carbonate, hydrated silica (Sylodent), aluminum hydroxide, dicalcium phosphate dihydrate, tricalcium phosphate, sodium metaphosphate, potassium metaphosphate, aluminum silicate, finely divided poly(methyl methacrylate), and mixtures thereof. In general as is known in the art, the abrasive is present in the composition in concentrations of from about 5% to about 70% by weight, and preferably from about 10% to about 50% by weight of the total composition. A dentifrice's degree of abrasivity can be measured directly or estimated from the RDA (Radioactive Dentin Abrasion) scale. The RDA scale is a measure of an abrasive's ability to erode the surface of enamel after repeated brushing. The higher the RDA score, the more enamel abraded under given conditions. High RDA scores are desired for stain removing dentifrices; low RDA scores are desired for dentifrices for sensitive teeth. Dentifrices generally contain a foaming agent, or surfactant, to achieve the desired body and texture during toothbrushing. In addition, the surfactant provides a positive psychological impression of the cleansing process, and, to a lesser degree, helps to soften food particles and plaque to assist in their removal by mechanical means. Although desirable, it is by no means necessary to include a surfactant in the dentifrice compositions of this invention. In fact, dentifrice compositions which are not intended to be rinsed following the toothbrushing procedure, such as compositions utilized in veterinary dentistry or oral care products for individuals unable to brush their teeth by normal means, should not contain ingredients, including surfactants, which are not intended or acceptable for ingestion. In those compositions where the presence of a surfactant is desirable, though, compatibility of the surfactant with the enzyme or enzymes of the inventive compositions must be confirmed. Many anionic surfactants, such as sodium lauryl sulfate (a commonly employed foaming agent for dentifrice compositions), are known to complex with and inactivate a wide variety of enzymes. Many cationic surfactants are also incompatible with enzymes. In general, nonionic and amphoteric surfactants are preferred in the present dentifrice compositions, as they exhibit, on the whole, much better overall compatibility with enzymes. The prior art addresses the problem of enzyme/surfactant incompatibility at length, and the compatibility of a particular surfactant with the inventive dentifrice compositions must be determined on an individual, compound by compound basis. Surfactants known to be compatible with the enzymatic dentifrice compositions of this invention include, but are not limited to, polysorbate 80, cocoamidopropylbetaine, cocoamphopropionate, ethoxylated (20) isocetyl alcohol, and a wide variety of propylene oxide/ethylene oxide block copolymer nonionic surfactants, such as those offered under the Pluronic tradename by BASF/Wyandotte Corp. Since enzymes are more stable and show higher activity at specific pH levels, it is advantageous to provide one or more buffering compounds in the enzymatic dentifrice compositions. Buffers which provide a dentifrice and/or in-use pH of approximately 5.5 to 7.5 are seen to be most beneficial in optimizing the levels of hydrogen peroxide and/or hypothiocyanite ions produced. Any physiologically acceptable buffer providing a dentifrice and/or in-use pH value of from about 5.5 to about 7.5, and preferably between pH 6.0 and pH 7.0, is anticipated having utility in the practice of this invention. The preferred buffers are potassium phosphate, sodium phosphate, disodium phosphate, dipotassium phosphate, and mixtures thereof. The preferred buffer concentrations are from about 0.01 moles to about 0.50 moles/liter of liquid dentifrice carrier (that part of the dentifrice excluding insoluble components such as abrasives). A wide variety of auxiliary dentifrice components may be included in the present compositions, such as preservatives, whiteners, dyes, fluorides, antitartar and anticalculus agents, chlorophyll compounds, ammoniated materials, and others. Such auxiliary components should be compatible with the components and desired purpose of the enzyme/substrate system of the invention. A suitable flavoring and/or sweetening material may be employed to achieve the desired aesthetics for the dentifrice. Examples of suitable flavoring components are oils of peppermint, spearmint, clove, wintergreen, cinnamon, sage, eucalyptus and orange. Suitable sweetening agents include saccharin, sodium cyclamate, aspartyl phenylalanine (methyl ester), glucose, xylitol, sucrose, maltose, and others. Flavoring and sweetening agents may comprise from about 0.1% to about 7.0% or more of the dentifrice composition. In order to limit or prevent the premature production of hydrogen peroxide (or hypothiocyanite) during manufacture or storage of the inventive dentifrice compositions, the level of dissolved oxygen in the dentifrice carrier must be kept to a minimum. In general, dissolved oxygen concentrations of less than about 100 micromoles/liter (3.2 parts per million) of oxygen in a liquid carrier, are desirable. As a practical matter, manufacturing should be carried out in a low-oxygen environment, such as a vacuum, or under a nitrogen gas blanket. Although vacuum manufacturing of dentifrice is commonplace and well known in the art, it is solely employed for the purpose of limiting the development of foam following the addition of the surfactant component to the batch, and is believed never to have been heretofore utilized to limit the interaction between an oxidoreductase enzyme and its substrate in a dentifrice composition. Dissolved oxygen can be measured directly in the aqueous liquid dentifrice carrier. The dentifrice compositions of this invention are intended to be used or otherwise applied in the manner of normal toothbrushing. Residence or contact time in the oral environment should be at least 30 seconds and preferably from about 60 seconds to 120 seconds or longer. Normally, the dentifrice is rinsed from the mouth following toothbrushing, however, non-rinse or ingestible compositions are anticipated to have utility as previously discussed. The activities of enzymes are generally measured in terms of micromoles of substrate or co-reactant consumed, or micromoles of product produced, over a given period of time, under specific conditions of temperature, substrate concentration, and co-reactant concentrations. Any description of "unit" activity for a given enzyme should be considered carefully by evaluating a complete description of the conditions under which such activity was measured, and the present invention, as defined by the claims, is considered to be of appropriate scope to encompass the broadest definition of the term. Hereinafter, one Unit of oxidoreductase activity is intended to mean that amount of enzyme capable of producing one micromole of hydrogen peroxide per minute at 35 degrees Celcius, in the presence of excess substrate and oxygen. In addition, one Unit of peroxidase activity will hereinafter be taken to mean that amount of peroxidase capable of consuming one micromole of hydrogen peroxide per minute at 35 degrees Celcius, in the presence of excess thiocyanate ions. In light of the foregoing definitions of Unit activity for oxidoreductases and peroxidases, the compositions of the present invention contain, in general from about 0.1 Units to about 100 Units of an oxidoreductase enzyme per gram of dentifrice, and, optionally, from about 0.1 Units to about 1000 Units of a peroxidase enzyme per gram of dentifrice. EXAMPLE A Dentifrice Formulations Including Hydrogen Peroxide Production System The following dentifrice formulation, shown with and without a hydrogen peroxide generating oxidoreductase/substrate system, are representative of the invention. ______________________________________ PARTS BY WEIGHT INGREDIENT EXAMPLE 1 EXAMPLE 2 ______________________________________ Part I Sorbitol 70% 49.680 49.680 Deionized Water 14.622 14.574 Glucose 1.000 1.000 Potassium phosphate 0.177 0.177 Dipotassium phosphate 0.121 0.121 Part II Glycerine 99.5% 5.000 5.000 CMC (7MXF) 0.900 0.900 Part III Sylodent 756 10.000 10.000 Sylodent 750 10.000 10.000 Sylodent 2 8.000 8.000 Titanium dioxide 0.500 0.500 Part IV Glucose oxidase F100 0.000 0.048 (5000 U/ml)* (2 U/gm dentifrice) Totals 100.000 100.000 ______________________________________ *Genencor Intl., Chicago The above formulations are prepared by blending the components of Part I in a suitable container which has vacuum or pressure capability, until uniform. Simultaneously, in a separate container, the carboxymethycellulose (CMC 7MXF) portion of Part II is dispersed in the glycerine until uniform and smooth. Part II is then added to Part I and mixed. The components of Part III are then added to the PartI/Part II mixture and blended until uniform and smooth. At this stage, a vacuum is pulled in the head space of the container of approximately 28" Hg., and the mixture blended further to remove excess air and lower the dissolved oxygen level in the composition. Finally, Part IV is added to the mixture, a vacuum of 28" Hg pulled again, and blending continued for 60 minutes. Finished product is kept under a vacuum or nitrogen gas blanket until ready to fill. Finished dentifrice formulae are packaged in laminated plastic or lined aluminum tubes. In order to measure hydrogen peroxide production under conditions similar to use, 2 grams of the above dentifrice formulation were vortexed with 2 ml of distilled water (35 deg. C.) for 60 seconds. Twenty-five microliters of capryl alcohol was then added to settle foam and the mixture vortexed for another 30 seconds, a total of 90 seconds. At 90 seconds, triplicate aliquots of 200 microliters each were drawn from the mixture and immediately added to separate 3.0 ml volumes of a hydrogen peroxide assay mixture. The assay mixture consisted of 2.0M acetate buffer (pH 4.5) containing 67 micromoles/liter of leucocrystal violet and 22 micrograms/milliliter of horseradish peroxidase. The assay mixtures were then centrifuged at 13,600.times.G for 2 minutes to settle solids, and the absorbance of the supernatent solution read at 596 nanometers. Readings were taken at 5 minutes following the start of the procedure above. Results were compared to a standard absorbance curve of known hydrogen peroxide concentrations. Example 1 above did not generate any detectable hydrogen peroxide, while Example 2 produced an average of 605 micromoles/liter/minute (average of 15 measurements). EXAMPLE B In order to study the effect on hydrogen peroxide production of (1) varying the substrate concentration while keeping the enzyme constant and (2) varying the enzyme concentration and keeping the substrate constant, the following examples were formulated according to the same procedures outlined above. ______________________________________ INGREDIENT PARTS BY WEIGHT ______________________________________ Sorbitol 70% 49.680 - X Deionized Water 14.581 Glucose X Potassium phosphate 0.177 Dipotassium phosphate 0.121 Glycerine 99.5% 5.000 CMC 7MXF 0.900 Sylodent 756 10.000 Sylodent 750 10.000 Sylodent 2 8.000 Titanium dioxide 0.500 Glucose oxidase F100 (5000 U/ml) Y (units per gram dentrifice) Total 100.000 ______________________________________ Glucose Oxidase Glucose (Y) Hydrogen Peroxide Example (X) (U/gm dentifrice) micromoles/liter/minute ______________________________________ 1 0.0 0.0 0.0 2 0.0 2.0 0.0 3 0.010 2.0 66 4 0.100 2.0 202 5 0.500 2.0 520 6 2.000 2.0 680 7 5.000 2.0 694 8 2.000 0.1 31 9 2.000 0.5 175 10 2.000 1.0 365 11 2.000 5.0 1690 12 2.000 10.0 3353 ______________________________________ Depending upon the desired rate of hydrogen peroxide production, the above examples demonstrate the broad range of oxidoreductase and substrate concentrations which may be applicable to the practice of this invention. EXAMPLE C Effect of Dissolved Oxygen on Dentifrice Stability The following dentifrice compositions were prepared in order to examine the effect of dissolved oxygen within the liquid carriers of such preparations. Compositions were made according to the procedures outlined in EXAMPLE A, except where noted. ______________________________________ Examples Ingredients 1 2 3 4 ______________________________________ Part I Sorbitol 70% 49.680 49.680 39.580 -- Glycerine 99.5% -- -- -- 34.776 Deionized water 14.820 14.772 24.672 29.176 Glucose 1.000 1.000 1.000 1.000 Part II Glycerine 99.5% 5.000 5.000 5.000 5.000 CMC 7 MXF 1.000 1.000 1.200 1.500 Part III Sylodent 756 10.000 10.000 10.000 10.000 Sylodent 750 10.000 10.000 10.000 10.000 Sylodent 2 8.000 8.000 8.000 8.000 Titanium dioxide 0.500 0.500 0.500 0.500 Part IV Glucose oxidase F100 -- 0.048 0.048 0.048 (5000 Units/ml) TOTALS 100.000 100.000 100.000 100.000 ______________________________________ The above formulations were manufactured according to the procedures outlined in Example A, under vacuum, without a vacuum (at 1 atm), and under nitrogen. The dentifrices were packaged in aluminum tubes, stored at 25 degrees Centigrade for 24 hours and subsequently examined for any pH change. A reduction of dentifrice pH indicates the presence of gluconic acid, a by-product of glucose oxidase/glucose interaction. ______________________________________ Example pH Change ______________________________________ 1 (vacuum) +0.100 1 (air) -0.050 1 (nitrogen) +0.050 2 (vacuum) +0.075 2 (air) -0.500 2 (nitrogen) -0.050 3 (vacuum) -0.050 3 (air) -0.650 3 (nitrogen) +0.050 4 (vacuum) -0.050 4 (air) -0.475 4 (nitrogen) +0.050 ______________________________________ The large changes in dentifrice pH of the above examples manufactured under air (exposed to oxygen) are indicative of the interaction between glucose oxidase and glucose within the aqueous liquid carrier of the composition. Such interaction will lead to instability during long term storage of the dentifrice and result in a poor shelf life prognosis. In addition, such interaction will result in the depletion of glucose substrate in the fluid carrier, leading to decreased activity at the intended time of use. EXAMPLE E The following example is prepared in accordance with the procedure outlined in Example A. It is capable of producing hypothiocyanite ions in excess of 100 micromoles/liter/minute. Compositions of this type are non-foaming and useful as ingestible veterinary dentifrices. ______________________________________ Ingredient Amount (wt/wt %) ______________________________________ Sorbitol 70% 49.67772% Deionized water 12.85880 Glucose 2.00000 Potassium benzoate 0.10000 Potassium thiocyanate 0.01220 Calcium pyrophosphate 8.80000 Calcium carbonate 1.60000 Sylodent 700 10.00000 Sylodent 2 9.00000 Glycerine 99.5% 5.00000 CMC 7MXF 0.90000 Glucose oxidase F100 (5000 Units/ml) 0.04728 Lactoperioxidase (500 Units/mg) 0.00400 TOTAL 100.00000 ______________________________________ HYPOTHIOCYANITE ASSAY The hypothiocyanite assays referenced herein are performed by first vortexing 2 grams of dentifrice with 2 ml of distilled water (35.degree. C.) for 60 seconds. Twenty-five microliters of capryl alcohol was then added to settle foam and the mixture was vortexed for another 30 seconds, for a total of 90 seconds of vortexing. At 90 seconds, triplicate aliquots of 200 microliters each were drawn from the mixture and immediately added to three separate 3.0 ml volumes of a hypothiocyanite assay mixture. The assay mixture consisted of a 0.1M phosphate buffer (pH 6.5) which contained 64 micromoles per liter of [5,5'-dithiobis-2-nitrobenzoic acid] (Nbs-Nbs) and 60 micromoles per liter of 2-mercaptoethanol. Free hydrogen peroxide interferes with the assay, so that catalase was included in the assay mixture at 50 micrograms/ml. Following the addition of the 200 microliter aliquots to the assay mixture, and subsequent centrifugation at 13,600 xg to settle solids, the change in absorbance at 412 nm of the supernatant was measured, and hypothiocyanite production calculated in accordance with a molar extinction coefficient for (Nbs-Nbs) of 14,300/cm. EXAMPLE F The following example is a preferred embodiment useful as a normal, foaming-type dentifrice intended for regular human dental hygiene. It was manufactured according to procedures described above, under vacuum. ______________________________________ Preferred Embodiment Ingredient Amount wt % ______________________________________ Sorbitol 70% 25.000% Glycerine 99.5% 22.800 Deionized water 17.521 CMC 7MXF 1.200 Glucose 2.000 Potassium phosphate 0.177 Dipotassium phosphate 0.254 Potassium benzoate 0.100 Sylodent 756 10.000 Sylodent 750 10.000 Sylodent 2 10.000 Titanium dioxide 0.500 Pluronic P75 0.400 Glucose oxidase (5000 Units/ml) 0.048 Total 100.000% ______________________________________ The dentifrice composition above produces 2.4 millimoles of hydrogen peroxide per liter of simulated toothbrushing fluid (dentifrice volume plus added water) per minute of simulated toothbrushing, in vitro. The composition of Example F produced 290 .mu.moles of hypothiocyanite per liter of toothbrushing fluid (dentifrice volume plus saliva volume plus added water) per minute of toothbrushing, in vivo, thus demonstrating its ability to activated the SPO system in saliva. The composition of Example F without the addition of glucose oxidase only produced 52 .mu.moles of hypothiocyanite per liter of toothbrushing fluid per minute, in vivo. EXAMPLE G When the dentifrice of Example F was supplemented with 2.0 micromoles of potassium thiocyanate per gram of dentifrice (0.012 wt./wt. %) and 16 Units of lactoperoxidase per gram of dentifrice, it produced 430 micromoles of hypothiocyanite (OSCN-) per liter of toothbrushing fluid per minute of toothbrushing, in vivo. It is also contemplated within the scope of this invention to provide an excess amount of oxidoreductase substrate such that the dentifrice may be manufactured under aerobic or partially aerobic conditions. Under such a manufacturing scheme, the reaction between the oxidoreductase enzyme and the oxidoreductase substrate is allowed to proceed until the oxygen level has been reduced (by way of the oxidoreductase reaction stoichiometry). At such a point in the process of manufacturing, however, the dentifrice must be thenceforth packaged or stored under the aforementioned anaerobic conditions, in order to prevent the reaction from proceeding any further. Appropriate adjustments in pH and substrate concentration(s) must be made if the dentifrice is manufactured as just described. Also considered within the scope of the present invention are antimicrobial compositions containing an oxidoreductase enzyme and an oxidoreductase substrate, stabilized against premature reaction by limiting the level of dissolved oxygen, which are for purposes other than the dental applications previously described, for instance, as topical antimicrobial compositions, ophthalmic antimicrobial compositions, and cosmetic, food, or pharmaceutical processing additives. Applications requiring an antimicrobial product of an oxidoreductase enzyme/substrate interaction to be provided by a single-component, storage-stable composition are contemplated. The foregoing description of the invention is intended to be exemplary with respect to certain preferred embodiments and it will be understood that modifications and variations thereof obvious to those skilled in the art are to be included within the scope of this application and the appended claims. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention This invention relates to antimicrobial dentifrice compositions which are capable of activating or supplementing the naturally occurring salivary peroxidase system, and methods of preventing toothdecay using said compositions. In particular, aqueous dentifrice compositions are described which, upon application and use, are capable of producing or, in the presence of saliva, leading to the production of a specific antimicrobial compound known as hypothiocyanite ion (OSCN--) or derivatives thereof. Methods of making the invented compositions are also described herein. 2. Document Disclosure A disclosure document, No. 292830, was previously filed on this invention on Oct. 7, 1991, and retention thereof is respectfully requested. 3. Art Background There is general acceptance as to the etiology of dental caries and periodontal disease in that microflora found in the oral environment are capable of accumulating upon oral surfaces and in unexposed pockets, thriving and producing damaging metabolites in the absence of proper dental hygiene. Colonies of microbes, undisturbed for even short periods of time, are able to aggressively adhere to the surface of enamel, establishing a foothold for further colony growth. Many of the bacterial types commonly found in the mouth secrete polysaccharides such as glucans and dextrans, which form a supportive matrix and thus provide a more mechanically stable environment for further proliferation. Subgingivally, undisturbed colonies of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria can establish similar polysaccharide matrices, in addition to pocket-type formations. These polysaccharide matrices, together with the thriving microflora contained therein, make up what is commonly referred to as plaque. The first stages in plaque formation occur almost immediately after an enamel surface is scraped, cleaned and polished in dental office toothcleaning procedures. As colony numbers increase, and the structural integrity of the surrounding polysaccharide matrix evolves, plaque becomes a potential source of bacterial metabolites such as lactic acid. In intimate contact with the enamel surface, acidic plaque metabolites are thus capable of lowering the pH of the enamel surface to a point at which demineralization of the hydroxyapatite can occur. Such demineralization is known to be the cause of tooth decay, also known as caries. Subgingivally, plaque and pocket colonies are known to cause demineralization of both enamel and periodontal bone structure. Gingivitis and periodontitis, infection and irritation of the soft tissues surrounding the teeth, are other clinical manifestations of subgingival plaque and pocket colony proliferation. One approach taken to decrease caries is by limiting the demineralization of enamel and bone through drinking water fluoridation. It has been shown that the fluoride provided by drinking water (and to a more limited extent, through diet) is capable of being incorporated into hydroxyapatite, the major inorganic component of enamel and bone. Fluoridated hydroxyapatite is less susceptible to demineralization by acids and is thus seen to resist the degradative forces of acidic plaque and pocket metabolites. In addition, fluoride ion concentration in saliva is increased through consumption of fluoridated drinking water. Saliva thus serves as an additional fluoride ion reservoir; in combination with buffering salts naturally found in salivary fluid, fluoride ions are actively exchanged on the enamel surface, further offsetting the effects of demineralizing acid metabolites. A large body of data indicates that drinking water fluoridation leads to a statistically significant decrease in DMF (decayed, missing, and filled) teeth for a broad range of populations studied. Smaller, less significant effects are seen in fluoridated drinking water studies which examine changes in periodontal health. Positive periodontal effects are thought to arise through the antimicrobial effects of increased fluoride ion concentration in saliva. However, notwithstanding the established benefits of fluoride treatment of teeth, fluoride ion treatment can result in the mottling of teeth, whether administered systemically through drinking water or topically applied. This effect is known to be both concentration related and patient-specific. In addition, the toxicology of fluoride has recently come under closer scrutiny, although there is no clear answer as to its long term effect on human health. However, for the time being, drinking water fluoridation is believed to serve a wider public good, and its effect on the dental health of populations the world over are pronounced. Another approach to limiting the proliferation of microflora in the oral environment is through the topical or systemic application of broad-spectrum antibacterial compounds. By killing large numbers of oral microflora, it is postulated, plaque and pocket accumulation, together with their damaging acidic metabolite production, can be reduced or eliminated. The major drawback to such an approach is that there are a wide variety of benign or beneficial strains of bacteria found in the oral envionment, which are killed by the same antibacterial compounds in the same manner as the harmful strains. In addition, such treatment with antibacterial compounds may select for certain bacteria and most fungi, which may then be resistant to the antibacterial compound administered, and thus proliferate, unrestrained by the symbiotic forces of a properly balanced microflora population. Such a selected proliferative process leads to yet another clinical problem which must then be addressed with other antimicrobial strategies. Thus, the application or administration of broad-spectrum antibiotics is ill-advised, except in preventative or palliative clinical situations such as oral surgery, severe periodontitis, and immune dysfunction diseases. Less potent and more selective antimicrobial compounds have been devised, which, when applied topically, have achieved varying degrees of success in checking the growth of harmful oral microorganisms. Of particular interest and relevance to the subject matter of the present invention are those approaches which attempt to activate or supplement the antimicrobial potential of saliva. Saliva is known to contain a variety of immunoglobulin and non-immunoglobulin antibacterial compounds as a defense against the proliferation of harmful pathogens. Such non-immunoglobulin proteins include lysozyme, lactoferrin and salivary peroxidase. These proteins, or ones similar in function, are found in virtually all mammalian mucosal secretions, providing a first line of defense against pathogenic organisms which would otherwise rapidly proliferate in such warm, moist environments. The enzyme salivary peroxidase, or SPO, functions by utilizing hydrogen peroxide (produced and excreted primarily by certain bacteria as a metabolite, but found also in newly expressed saliva) to oxidize a pseudohalide ion found in saliva, thiocyanate (SCN--), to produce a potent bacteriostatic agent, hypothiocyanite ion (OSCN--). Hypothiocyanite ion and its corresponding acid, hypothiocyanous acid (herein referred to collectively as hypothiocyanite) are able to inhibit the growth of a wide variety of harmful pathogens found in the oral environment. Depending upon the concentration of hypothiocyanite in the saliva, the salivary peroxidase system can either merely inhibit microbial metabolism or actually kill the organism. In general, it has been shown that concentrations of hypothiocyanite greater than about 100 micromoles/liter are sufficient to inhibit the metabolism of plaque bacteria. Since the salivary peroxidase system, and thus the production of hypothiocyanite, is dependent upon the availability of hydrogen peroxide, various prior art attempts to provide sufficient hydrogen peroxide to activate or supplement the SPO system have been made. Conversely, since SPO begins to show inhibition by concentrations of hydrogen peroxide greater than about 1 millimole/liter, an effective SPO activation mechanism should not provide or accumulate peroxide molarities much higher than this. Direct inclusion of hydrogen peroxide in a mouthrinse composition at these low concentrations had been shown to activate the SPO system for short periods of time (Mansson-Rahemtulla, et al., J. of Dental Res. 62(10): 1062-1066). Another prior art attempt to generate hydrogen peroxide in situ comprised including an oxidoreductase enzyme, such as glucose oxidase, in a dentifrice (Hoogendorn, et al., U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,150,113 and 4,178,519). The glucose oxidase thus provided would, upon oral application, react with glucose present in saliva and in plaque interstitial fluid to produce hydrogen peroxide at low concentrations. Since this approach was dependent upon the availability of glucose in the mouth, a more reproducible and predictable route to enzymatic hydrogen peroxide production was then taken by the present inventor and others by including both glucose oxidase and beta-D-glucose within a dentifrice composition. (U.S. Pat. No. 4,537,764). Beta-D-glucose is the anomer of glucose for which glucose oxidase is specific; in aqueous solution, glucose will mutorotate rapidly to form a mixture of approximately 65% beta-D-glucose and 35% alpha-D-glucose. In order to prevent instability and premature enzyme/substrate interaction the amount of water in the composition had to be limited to less than 10 percent. Upon use of this dentifrice composition, additional water present (from saliva and from water added in the course of normal toothbrushing procedures) would dilute the composition to a water content of greater than 10 percent, thus allowing reaction between glucose oxidase and glucose to ensue. The hydrogen peroxide thus created as a product of reaction would activate the salivary peroxidase system in saliva, producing hypothiocyanite. Later attempts were made to provide a dentifrice composition containing a complete system of components capable of generating hypothiocyanite in situ (U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,564,519 and 4,578,265). An oxidoreductase enzyme together with its corresponding substrate were combined in a single dentifrice composition with a peroxidase enzyme and a thiocyanate salt, thus providing a method of producing hypothiocyanite independent of fluctuations in salivary glucose, salivary peroxidase and salivary thiocyanate ion. Again, stability of such dentifrice compositions containing a complete enzymatic system capable of producing hypothiocyanite could only be maintained by formulating with less than about 10 percent water. Similarly, the reaction sequence was started by dilution of the dentifrice during toothbrushing. There are numerous other examples in the prior art of attempts to provide a stable enzymatic dentifrice containing both an oxidoreductase enzyme and its specific substrate for the purpose of producing hydrogen peroxide. Stability of such prior art compositions has been achieved by either limitations placed on the amount of water contained within the composition or by physically separating (through microencapsulation, U.S. Pat. No. 4,978,528) the oxidoreductase enzyme from its specific substrate. Another aspect of prior art techniques for the manufacture of dentifrice compositions is that they are sometimes made under vacuum, solely for the purpose of limiting the foaming of the product following the addition of a surfactant component, such as sodium lauryl sulfate, to the composition. In light of the foregoing description, it would be advantageous to provide a stable, aqueous enzymatic dentifrice composition capable of supplementing, or, in the presence of saliva, activating, the salivary peroxidase system, in such a fashion that hypothiocyanite ions (OSCN--) are produced in excess of about 100 micromoles/liter/minute in vitro or in vivo. It would also be advantageous to provide a stable, aqueous enzymatic dentifrice composition capable of producing or, in the presence of saliva, leading to the production of hypothiocyanite, irrespective of the composition's water content or the amount of water available for dilution upon use. Additionally, formulating latitude and economy would greatly benefit from such aqueous enzymatic dentifrice compositions produced and stabilized without regard to the amount of water contained within the formulation. It would be of additional utility to provide a method of manufacturing a stable, aqueous enzymatic dentifrice composition which contains both an oxidoreductase enzyme and its specific substrate, without allowing any interaction thereof, and thus preventing hydrogen peroxide accumulation prior to its intended use. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION In accordance with the foregoing description of the prior art and a desire to provide a stabilized aqueous dentifrice composition capable of producing or, in the presence of saliva, leading to the production of antimicrobial concentrations of hypothiocyanite ions (OSCN--) compositions are herein described which contain both an oxidoreductase enzyme and its specific substrate, for the purpose of producing hydrogen peroxide of at least the minimum effective concentration. The aqueous dentifrice compositions of the present invention can be stabilized against premature enzyme/substrate interaction by controlling the level of dissolved oxygen in the aqueous dentifrice carrier. Optionally, a peroxidase enzyme may be included to act upon the aforementioned hydrogen peroxide, thereby oxidizing thiocyanate ions (found in saliva or optionally included in the present compositions) to produce the antimicrobial concentrations of hypothiocyanite ions (OSCN--). In addition to containing ingredients normally found in dentifrice compositions and well known to those familiar with the art, the aqueous dentifrice compositions of the invention also contain an oxidoreductase enzyme, together with said enzyme's specific substrate, in sufficient quantities to produce hydrogen peroxide at a rate of at least 100 micromoles/liter/minute during use, and preferably from 1.0 to 5.0 millimoles/liter/minute. In addition, the aforementioned compositions may contain a peroxidase enzyme capable of acting upon the enzymatically produced hydrogen peroxide and thereby oxidizing thiocyanate ions (normally found in saliva) to form hypothiocyanite ions (OSCN--). The level of peroxidase enzyme in such compositions shall in the preferred embodiment, be sufficient to, when in contact with saliva (which contains thiocyanate ions), cause the production of at least 100 micromoles/liter/minute of hypothiocyanite ions (OSCN--) during use. Optionally, thiocyanate ions may also be included in the compositions of this invention in an amount sufficient, together with the other inventive ingredients, to produce in excess of about 100 micromoles/liter/minute of hypothiocyanite ions during use. Another aspect of the present invention is that it has been discovered that, irrespect of the amount of water contained in dentifrice compositions comprising an oxidoreductase enzyme together with its specific substrate, premature enzyme/substrate interaction can be eliminated by limiting the amount of dissolved oxygen in the aqueous dentifrice carrier. Thus it is possible to provide an aqueous dentifrice composition containing both an oxidoreductase enzyme and its specific substrate, for the purpose of producing hydrogen peroxide upon use, which will show little or no hydrogen peroxide accumulation in advance of its intended utility. Only upon exposure to additional oxygen will the dentifrice compositions of the present invention be shown to be enzymatically active. The manipulation and control of dissolved oxygen levels in enzymatic dentifrice compositions, for the purpose of limiting an oxidoreductase enzyme/substrate interaction and thereby stabilizing said enzymatic dentifrice until its intended time of use, is unknown in the prior art. An unexpected benefit of the ability to control the interaction between the oxidoreductase enzyme and its specific substrate by controlling the amount of dissolved oxygen in the aqueous dentifrice carrier, is the possibility of turning the reaction "on" and "off" at any given time in the course of its manufacture. Thus, controlled concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (or alternatively, if additionally formulated with both a peroxidase and thiocyanate ions, hypothiocyanite ions) may be produced in the course of manufacturing in order to reduce any microbial populations without the use of preservatives. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. An anaerobically packaged dentifrice composition with an antibacterial system comprising: a liquid carrier comprising an oxidoreductase enzyme and an oxidoreductase enzyme substrate, wherein said enzyme and substrate form hydrogen peroxide when reacted together, said hydrogen peroxide being formed at a rate of at least 100 micromoles per liter per minute; wherein said composition contains oxygen in a limited concentration such that level of dissolved oxygen in the fluid carrier cannot support substantial formation of the hydrogen peroxide, said dentifrice having been anaerobically manufactured, stored and packaged entirely in a vacuum or in an inert gas environment and having a level of dissolved oxygen at less than 3.2 parts per million and being packaged in an oxygen impervious package or container. 2. 2. The composition of claim 1 wherein dissolved oxygen is contained in said composition in a concentration of less than about 100 micromoles/liter of liquid carrier. 3. 3. The composition of claim 1 wherein said hydrogen peroxide is formed at a rate in the range of 1.0 to 5.0 millimoles/liter/minute. 4. 4. The composition of claim 1 further comprising a peroxidase enzyme for oxidizing thiocyanate ions to hypothiocyanite ions. 5. 5. The composition of claim 1 wherein said hydrogen peroxide does not accumulate to a concentration greater than about 1.0 millimole/liter during use. 6. 6. The composition of claim 1 wherein said oxidoreductase is selected from the group consisting of glucose oxidase, galactose oxidase, glycollate oxidase, lactate oxidase, L-gulunolactone oxidase, L-2-hydroxyacid oxidase, aldehyde oxidase, xanthine oxidase, D-aspartate oxidase, L-amino acid oxidase, D-amino acid oxidase, monoamine oxidase, pyridoxaminephosphate oxidase, diamine oxidase, and sulfite oxidase. 7. 7. The composition of claim 6 wherein said oxidoreductase is glucose oxidase. 8. 8. The composition of claim 1 wherein said substrates are specific to the particular oxidoreductase and are selected from D-glucose, D-galactose, L-sorbose, ethanol, tyramine, 1,4-diaminobutane, 6-hydroxy-L-nicotine, 6-hydroxy-D-nicotine, 2-aminophenol, glycollate, L-lactate, 2-deoxy-D-Glucose, L-gulunolactone, L-galactonolactone, D-mannonolactone, L-2-hydroxyisocaproate, acetaldehyde, butyraldehyde, xanthine, D-aspartate, D-glutamate, L-amino acids and D-amino acids. 9. 9. The composition of claim 1 wherein said oxidoreductase is glucose oxidase and said substrate is beta-D-glucose. 10. 10. The composition of claim 4 wherein the peroxidase enzyme is selected from lactoperoxidase, myeloperoxidase, salivary peroxidase, and chloroperoxidase. 11. 11. The composition of claim 10 wherein the peroxidase is lactoperoxidase. 12. 12. The composition of claim 4 wherein the peroxidase is provided in an amount sufficient to produce hypothiocyanite ions at a rate of at least 100 micromoles/liter/minute. 13. 13. The composition of claim 1 further comprising thiocyanate ions at concentrations of from about 0.10 millimoles/gram of liquid carrier to about 10.00 millimoles/gram of liquid carrier. 14. 14. The composition of claim 13 wherein said thiocyanate ion is provided by the compounds selected from sodium thiocyanate, potassium thiocyanate, ammonium thiocyanate and other thiocyanate salts. 15. 15. The composition of claim 13 wherein said thiocyanate ion is provided by potassium thiocyanate and sodium thiocyanate. 16. 16. The composition of claim 1, wherein said composition comprises a fluid carrier, comprised of water, in an amount ranging from about 5% to about 90% by weight of the composition. 17. 17. The composition of claim 16 further comprising a humectant selected from glycerine, propylene glycol, sorbitol (70% solution), polyethylene glycols, polypropylene glycols, and mixtures thereof. 18. 18. The composition of claim 16 wherein said water comprises in the range from about 10% to about 50% by weight of said composition. 19. 19. The composition of claim 17 wherein said water comprises from about 20% to about 35% by weight of the composition. 20. 20. The composition of claim 1 further comprising a thickener selected from natural and synthetic water-soluble polymers selected from sodium carboxymethylcellulose, xanthan gum, calcium carrageenan, locust bean gum, gum tragacanth, hydroxyethylcellulose, sodium alginate, starch, polyvinylpyrrolidone and polyacrylic acid and inorganic thickeners selected from magnesium aluminum silicate, hectorites and hydrated silicas. 21. 21. The composition of claim 1 further comprising abrasives selected from the group consisting of calcium pyrophosphate, calcium carbonate, hydrated silica, aluminum hydroxide, dicalcium phosphate dihydrate, tricalcium phosphate, sodium metaphosphate, potassium metaphosphate, aluminum silicate, finely divided poly(methyl methacrylate), and mixtures thereof. 22. 22. The composition of claim 21 wherein said abrasive is present in the composition in concentrations of from about 5% to about 7% by weight. 23. 23. The composition of claim 21 wherein said abrasive is present in the composition in concentrations from about 10% to about 50% by weight. 24. 24. The composition of claim 1 further comprising at least one surfactant selected from the group consisting of nonionic and amphoteric surfactants. 25. 25. The composition of claim 24 wherein said surfactant is selected from the group consisting of polysorbate 80, cocoamidopropylbetaine, cocoamphopropionate, ethoxylated (20), isocetyl alcohol and ethylene oxide/propylene oxide block copolymer nonionic surfactant. 26. 26. The composition of claim 1 having a pH in the range of approximately 5.5 to 7.5. 27. 27. The composition of claim 26 wherein said composition further comprises a physiologically acceptable buffer. 28. 28. The composition of claim 27 wherein said physiologically acceptable buffer is selected from potassium phosphate, sodium phosphate, disodium phosphate, dipotassium phosphate, and mixtures thereof. 29. 29. The composition of claim 27 wherein said buffer is in a concentration from about 0.01 moles to about 0.50 moles/liter of fluid dentifrice carrier. 30. 30. The composition of claim 1 further comprising additives selected from the group comprising preservatives, whiteners, dyes, fluorides, antitartar and anticalculus agents, chlorophyll compounds, ammoniated materials, flavorings and sweeteners.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176900</DOCNO><APP-NO>781531</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19911021</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176900</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K  9/16</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 52</PRI-USPC><CITATION>3927202/19751200	4244931/19810100	4272509/19810600	4323551/19820400	4460565/19840700	4515772/19850500	4627977/19861200	4923684/19900500	5096701/19920300</CITATION><INVENTOR>White, Jr.; Donald J.<tab>Cox; Edward R.<tab>Hunter; Mary A.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>The Procter & Gamble Company</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Compositions for reducing calculus</TITLE><ABST>Disclosed are oral compositions which are effective against calculus comprising a tripolyphosphate salt and an orthophosphate salt.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION The essential as well as optional components of the present invention are described in the following paragraphs. Tripolyphosphate Salt The first essential component of compositions of the present invention is an alkali metal or ammonium salt of tripolyphosphate. These are commercially available materials and the preferred alkali metals are sodium and potassium with sodium being most preferred. The tripolyphosphate salt is used at a level sufficient to provide P.sub.3 O.sub.10 ions and species at a level of about 0.5% to about 7.5%, preferably at a level of from about 2.5% to about 5.0%. Fluoride Ion Source The second essential component of compositions of the present invention is a fluoride ion source. The number of such sources is great and includes those disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,535,421, Oct. 20, 1970 to Briner et al., incorporated herein by reference. Typical materials include: Stannous fluoride, potassium fluoride, lithium fluoride, cesium fluoride, ammonium fluoride, aluminum fluoride, cupric fluoride, indium fluoride, stannous fluorozirconate, lead fluoride, ferric fluoride, nickel fluoride, paladium fluoride, silver fluoride, zinc fluoride, zirconium fluoride, hexylamine hydrofluoride, laurylamine hydrofluoride, myristylamine hydrofluoride, decanolamine hydrofluoride, octadecenylamine hydrofluoride, myristoxyamine hydrofluoride, diethylaminoethyloctoylamide hydrofluoride, diethanolaminoethyloleylamide hydrofluoride, diethyanolaminopropyl-N'-octadecenylamide dihydrofluoride, 1-ethanol-2-hexadecylimidazoline dihydrofluoride, octoylethanolamine hydrofluoride, octyltrimethylammonium fluoride, dodecylethyl-dimethylammonium fluoride, tetraethylammonium fluoride, dilauryl-dimethylammonium fluoride, .DELTA..sup.8,9 -octadecenylbenzyldimethyl-ammonium fluoride, dioctyldiethylammonium fluoride, furfuryllauryldimethylammonium fluoride, phenoxyethylcetyldimethylammonium fluoride, N:N'-tetramethyl-N:N;-dilauryleth-ylenediammonium difluoride, N-cetyl-pyridinium fluoride, N:N-dilauryl-morpholinium fluoride, N-myristyl-N-ethylmorpholinium fluoride, N-(octylaminocarbonylethyl)-N-benzyl-dimethylammonium fluoride, N(.beta.-hydroxydodecyl) trimethylammonium fluoride, N-phenyl-N-hexadecyldiethylammonium fluoride, N-cyclohexyl-N-octadecydimethylammonium fluoride, N-(2-carbomethoxyethyl)-N-benzyl-dimethylammonium fluoride, N-(2-carbocyclohexoxyethyl)-N-myristyldimethylammonium fluoride, N-(2-carbobenzyloxyethyl)-N-dodecyldimethylammonium fluoride, N-[2-(N:N'-dimethylaminocarbonyl)-ethyl]-N-dodecyldiethylammonium fluoride, N-carboxymethyl-N-cicosyldimethylammonium fluoride, betaine hydrofluoride, sarcosine stannous fluoride, alanine stannous fluoride, glycine potassium flouride, sarcosine potassium fluoride, glycine hydrofluoride, lysine hydrofluoride, alanine hydrofluoride, betaine zirconium fluoride, sodium monofluoro phosphate and mixtures thereof. Sodium fluoride is the preferred fluoride source. The amount of fluoride ion source can be any effective level but generally should be sufficient to provide from about 50 ppm to 3500 ppm, preferably from about 50 ppm to 1500 ppm of fluoride ions. Orthophosphate Salt The next essential component of compositions herein is a soluble orthophosphate salt. The preferred salts are those wherein the cation is an alkali metal or ammonium ion. Preferred alkali metals are sodium and potassium, with sodium being the most preferred. These salts include the mono, di and tri alkali metal salts and mixtures thereof. The orthophosphate salt is present in an amount effective to provide orthophosphate anion species at levels preferably from about 0.2% to about 5.0%, more preferably from about 1.0% to about 3.0%. Water Water is the last essential component of compositions herein. Water employed in the preparation of commercially suitable compositions should preferably be deionized and free of organic impurities. Water generally comprises from about 10% to 50%, preferably from about 20% to 40%, by weight of the toothpaste compositions herein while mouthwashes contain from about 40% to about 95%. These amounts of water include the free water which is added plus that which is introduced with other materials as with sorbitol. Optional Components The compositions of the present invention may contain in addition to the above-listed components many others which will be somewhat dependent on the type of compositions (mouthwashes, toothpastes, topical gels, prophylaxis pastes and the like). Toothpastes and mouthwashes are the preferred systems with toothpastes being the most preferred. Toothpastes contain as a major component an abrasive. The abrasive polishing material contemplated for use in the present invention can be any material which does not excessively abrade dentin. These in clude, for example, silicas including gels and precipitates, calcium carbonate, dicalcium orthophosphate dihydrate, calcium pyrophosphate, tricalcium phosphate, calcium polymetaphosphate, insoluble sodium polymetaphosphate, hydrated alumina, and resinous abrasive materials such as particulate condensation products of urea and formaldehyde, and others such as disclosed by Cooley et al. in U.S. Pat. No. 3,070,510, Dec. 25, 1962, incorporated herein by reference. Mixtures of abrasives may also be used. Silica dental abrasives, of various types, can provide the unique benefits of exceptional dental cleaning and polishing performance without unduly abrading tooth enamel or dentin. Silica abrasive materials are also exceptionally compatible with sources of soluble fluoride and other ion sources. For these reasons they are preferred for use herein. The silica abrasive polishing materials useful herein, as well as the other abrasives, generally have an average particle size ranging between about 0.1 and 30 microns, preferably 5 and 15 microns. The silica abrasive can be precipitated silica or silica gels such as the silica xerogels described in Pader et al., U.S. Pat. No. 3,538,230, issued Mar. 2, 1970 and DiGiulio, U.S. Pat. No. 3,862,307, Jun. 21, 1975, both incorporated herein by reference. Preferred are the silica xerogels marketed under the tradename "Syloid" by the W.R. Grace & Company, Davison Chemical Division. Preferred precipitated silica materials include those marketed by the J.M. Huber Corporation under the tradename, "Zeodent", particularly the silica carrying the designation "Zeodent 119". These silica abrasive are described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,340,583, Jul. 29, 1982, incorporated herein by reference. The abrasive in the toothpaste compositions described herein is present at a level of from about 6% to about 70%, preferably from about 15% to about 30%. Flavoring agents can also be added to the dentifrice and other compositions of the present invention. Suitable flavoring agents include oil of wintergreen, oil of peppermint, oil of spearment, oil of sassafras, and oil of clove. Sweetening agents are also useful and include aspartame, acesulfame, saccharin, dextrose, levulose and sodium cyclamate. Flavoring and sweetening agents are generally used in the compositions herein at levels of from about 0.005% to about 2% by weight and may be used as a solvent for the antibacterials hereinbefore indicated. In preparing toothpastes, it is necessary to add some thickening material to provide a desirable consistency. Preferred thickening agents are carboxyvinyl polymers, carrageenan, hydroxyethyl cellulose and water soluble salts of cellulose ethers such as sodium carboxymethyl cellulose and sodium carboxymethyl hydroxyethyl cellulose. Natural gums such as gum karaya, gum arabic, and gum tragacanth and polysaccharide gums such as xanthan gum can also be used. Colloidal magnesium aluminum silicate or finely divided silica can be used as part of the thickening agent to further improve texture. Thickening agents in an amount from 0.1% to 5.0% by weight of the total composition, preferably from about 0.5% to about 4.0% may be used. It is also desirable to include a humectant in a toothpaste to keep it from hardening. Suitable humectants include glycerin, sorbitol, and other edible polyhydric alcohols at a level of from about 10% to about 70%. Still another optional component for use in the compositions of the present invention is an additional anticalculus agent. These agents include any which are effective against calculus such as pyrophosphate salts as disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,515,772, May 7, 1985 incorporated herein by reference. The preferred agents are mono, di, tri and tetra alkali metal and ammonium pyrophosphate. Such agents are used in amounts sufficient to reduce calculus. These amounts are preferably in an amount of at least about 1% P.sub.2 O.sub.7, preferably at least about 1.3%, most preferably at least about 1.5%. Surfactants are also useful in the compositions of this invention include many different materials. Suitable surfactants include any which are reasonably stable and function over a wide pH range. Included are non-soap anionic, nonionic, cationic, zwitterionic and amphoteric organic synthetic surfactants. Many of these are disclosed by Gieseke et al. in U.S. Pat. No. 4,051,234, Sep. 27, 1988 incorporated herein in total by reference. Preferred surfactants include alkyl sulfates, particularly Na or NH.sub.4 alkyl C.sub.12 -C.sub.14 sulfate. Any surfactant used is at a level of from about 0.2% to about 7.0%, preferably from about 0.6% to about 7%. Polyethylene glycols are also useful in this invention can be any of a wide range of molecular weights such as from about 100 to about 1,000, preferably from about 300 to about 600. The glycol is present in an amount of from about 1% to about 10%, preferably from about 3% to about 6%. Another optional component for use in compositions of this invention is a water insoluble, noncationic antibacterial. Suitable agents are those described in G.B. 2,200,551, Aug. 10, 1988 incorporated herein by reference. A preferred material is triclosan (2:4,4'-trichloro-2-hydroxy-diphenyl ether). This type of antibacterial is used at a level of from about 0.1% to about 5%, preferably from about 0.03% to about 1%. Other useful components of the compositions of this invention are anionic polymeric polycarboxylates. Such materials are well known, being employed in the form of their free acids or partially or preferably fully neutralized water soluble alkali metal (e.g. potassium and preferably sodium) or ammonium salts. Preferred are 1:4 to 4:1 copolymers of maleic anhydride or acid with another polymerizable ethylenically unsaturated monomer, preferably methyl vinyl ether (methoxyethylene) having a molecular weight (M.W.) of about 30,000 to about 1,000,000. These copolymers are available for example as Gantrez AN 139(M.W. 500,000). A.N. 119 (M.W. 250,000) and preferably S-97 Pharmaceutical Grade (M.W. 70,000), of GAF Corporation. Other operative polymeric polycarboxylates include those such as the 1:1 copolymers of maleic anhydride with ethyl acrylate, hydroxyethyl methacrylate, N-vinyl-2-pyrollidone, or ethylene, the latter being available for example as Monsanto EMA No. 1103, M.W. 10,000 and EMA Grade 61, and 1:1 copolymers of acrylic acid with methyl or hydroxyethyl methacrylate, methyl or ethyl acrylate, isobutyl vinyl ether or N-vinyl-2-pyrrolidone. Additional operative polymeric polycarboxylates disclosed in above referred to U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,138,477 and 4,183,914, incorporated herein by reference, include copolymers of maleic anhydride with styrene, isobutylene or ethyl vinyl ether, polyacrylic, polyitaconic and polymaleic acids, and sulfoacrylic oligomers of M.W. as low as 1,000 available as Uniroyal ND-2. Suitable generally are polymerized olefinically or ethylenically unsaturated carboxylic acids containing an activated carbon-to-carbon olefinic double bond and at least one carboxyl group, that is, an acid containing an olefinic double bond which readily functions in polymerization because of its presence in the monomer molecule either in the alpha-beta position with respect to a carboxyl group or as part of a terminal methylene grouping. Illustrative of such acids are acrylic, methacrylic, ethacrylic, alpha-chloroacrylic, crotonic, beta-acryloxy propionic, sorbic, alpha-chlorsorbic, cinnamic, beta-styrylacrylic, muconic, itaconic, citraconic, mesaconic, glutaconic, aconitic, alpha-phenylacrylic, 2-benzyl acrylic, 2-cyclohexylacrylic, angelic, umbellic, fumaric, maleic acids and anhydrides. Other different olefinic monomers copolymerizable with such carboxylic monomers include vinylacetate, vinyl chloride, dimethyl maleate and the like. Copolymers contain sufficient carboxylic salt groups for water-solubility. The linear anionic polymeric polycarboxylate component is mainly a hydrocarbon with optional halogen and O-containing substituents and linkages as present in for example ester, ether and OH groups, and when present is generally employed in the instant compositions in approximate weight amounts of 0.05 to 3%, preferably 0.5 to 2%, more preferably 0.1 to 2%. A further class of polymer agents useful in combination include a composition containing homopolymers of substituted acrylamides and/or homopolymers of unsaturated sulfonic acids and salts thereof, in particular where polymers are based on unsaturated sulfonic acids selected from acrylamidoalkane sulfonic acids such as 2-acrylamide 2 methylpropane sulfonic acid having a molecular weight from 1,000-2,000,000, described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,842,847, incorporated herein by reference. Another class of polymeric agents useful in combination includes polyamino acids, particularly those containing proportions of anionic surface active amino acids such as aspartic acid, glutamic acid, phosphoseine, as disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,866,161 to Sikes et al., incorporated herein by reference. Another preferred embodiment of the present invention is a mouthwash composition. Mouthwashes generally comprise from about 20:1 to about 2:1 of a water/ethyl alcohol solution and preferably other ingredients such as flavor, sweeteners, humectants and sudsing agents such as those described above. The humectants, such as glycerine and sorbitol give a moist feel to the mouth. Generally, on a weight basis the mouthwashes of the invention comprises 5% to 60% (preferably 10% to 25%) ethyl alcohol, 0% to 20% (preferably 5% to 20%) of a humectant, 0% to 2% (preferably 0.01% to 0.15%) emulsifying agent, 0% to 0.5% (preferably 0.005% to 0.06%) sweetening agent such as saccharin, 0% to 0.3% (preferably from 0.03%) flavoring agent, and the balance water. The pH of the present compositions and/or its pH in the mouth can be any pH which is sage for the mouth's hard and soft tissues. Such pH's are generally from about 3 to about 10, preferably from about 4 to about 9. Given below are non-limiting examples which illustrate the compositions of the present invention. EXAMPLE I ______________________________________ Toothpaste Composition of the Present Invention Material Weight % ______________________________________ Water 24.129 Sorbitol 26.200 NaF 0.243 Saccharin 0.460 Trisodium Phosphate 3.130 Monosodium Phosphate 0.868 PEG 6 3.000 TiO.sub.2 0.500 FD&C Blue #1 0.050 Sodium Tripolyphosphate 4.520 Silica 22.000 Glycerin 9.000 Xanthan Gum 0.600 Carbopol .RTM. 956* 0.200 Flavor 1.100 SASS 4.000 ______________________________________ *Carboxyvinyl polymer offered by B. F. Goodrich Co. EXAMPLE II ______________________________________ Mouthwash of the Present Invention Material Weight % ______________________________________ Glycerin 10.00 Ethanol 10.00 Pluronic F108 3.80 Na Saccharin 0.03 Trisodium Phosphate 1.04 Monosodium Phosphate 0.29 Sodium Tripolyphosphate 1.51 Flavor 0.22 NaOH/HCl & Water to 100.00 pH 7.50 ______________________________________ In the above examples, ammonium or potassium phosphate salts may be used in place of the sodium salts. Additionally, the dialkali metal (sodium, potassium and/or ammonium phosphates) may be used along or in admixture with the mono and/or trialkali metal phosphates. 72 629778 19901218 01 5096701 TECHNICAL FIELD The present invention relates to stable oral compositions which provide an anticalculus benefit. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Dental calculus, or tartar as it is sometimes called, is a deposit which forms on the surfaces of the teeth at the gingival margin. Supragingival calculus appears principally in the areas near the orifices of the salivary ducts; e.g., on the lingual surfaces of the lower anterior teeth and on the buccal surfaces of the upper first and second molars, and on the distal surfaces of the posterior molars. Mature calculus consists of an inorganic portion which is largely calcium phosphate arranged in a hydroxyapatite crystal lattice structure similar to bone, enamel and dentine. An organic portion is also present and consists of desquamated epithelial cells, leukocytes, salivary sediment, food debris and various types of microorganism. As the mature calculus develops, it becomes visibly white or yellowish in color unless stained or discolored by some extraneous agent. In addition to being unsightly and undesirable from an aesthetic standpoint, the mature calculus deposits are regarded by some as constant sources of mechanical irritation of the gingiva. A wide variety of chemical and biological agents have been suggested in the art to retard calculus formation or to remove calculus after it is formed. Mechanical removal of this material periodically by the dentist is, of course, routine dental office procedure. The chemical approach to calculus inhibition generally involves chelation of calcium ion and/or crystal growth inhibition which prevents the calculus from forming and/or breaks down mature calculus by removing calcium. The prior art discloses a number of chelating agents for this purpose. British Patent 490,384, Feb. 15, 1937, discloses oral compositions containing ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid, nitrilotriacetic acid and related compounds as anticalculus agents. U.S. Pat. No. 3,678,154, Jul. 18, 1972 to Widder et al. discloses oral compositions containing certain polyphosphonates and fluoride. U.S. Pat. No. 3,737,533, Jun. 5, 1973 to Francis discloses oral compositions containing certain carbonyl diphosphonates. In addition to the above references, the prior art discloses dentrifrices and mouthwashes containing soluble pyrophosphate salts which have been indicated for a variety of purposes. Included among such references are U.S. Pat. No. 2,941,926, Jun. 21, 1960 to Salzmann et al. which discloses dental powders containing chlorophyll and pyrophosphate salts. U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,927,201 and 202, Dec. 16, 1975 to Baines et al. and Harvey et al., respectively, discloses toothpastes which utilize sparingly soluble pyrophosphates as abrasives. U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,244,931, Jan. 13, 1981 and 4,247,526, Jan. 27, 1981 to Jarvis et al. disclose pyrophosphate salts in dicalcium phosphate systems. Japanese Patent Application Disclosure No. 4945-1974 discloses soluble pyrophosphates in a variety of dentifrice systems. U.S. Pat. No. 4,333,551, Apr. 6, 1982 to Parran discloses tetraalkali metal salts in mouthwash compositions. U.S. Pat. No. 4,515,772, May 7, 1986 to Parran et al. discloses oral compositions containing soluble pyrophosphate salts as anticalculus agents. Finally Draus, Lesniewski and Miklos, Pyrophosphate and Hexametaphosphate Effects in Vitro Calculus Formation, Arch. Oral Biol., Vol. 15, pp. 893-896, (1970) disclose the in vitro effectiveness of soluble pyrophosphate salts against calculus. A reference disclosing a variety of linear molecularly dehydrated polyphosphate salts as anticalculus agents in U.S. Pat. No. 4,627,977, Dec. 9, 1986 to Gaffar et al. Included among the salts is sodium tripolyphosphate (STPP). Another reference disclosing STPP is U.S. Pat. No. 4,923,684, May 8, 1990 to Ibrahim et al. This reference discloses STPP in a toothpaste having a pH of from about 8 to about 10 to reduce the hydrolysis of the material. The present inventors have discovered that compositions containing STPP and other alkali metal or ammonium TPP materials, while stable at pH's in the range of 9 or higher, can suffer from causing irritation problems in the mouth. The present inventors have also discovered that compositions containing STPP at pH's of 8 and below can be stabilized against hydrolysis by the inclusion of a soluble orthophosphate compound. It is an object, therefore, of the present invention to provide stable tripolyphosphate compositions. It is a further object to provide compositions which provide an anticalculus benefit and an anticaries benefit. It is still a further object of the present invention to provide an effective method for treating calculus. These and other objects will become more clear from the detailed description which follows. All percentages and ratios used herein are by weight of the total composition unless otherwise specified and all measurements are made at 25.degree. C. in the composition unless otherwise specified. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention embraces an oral composition comprising: a) an effective anticalculus amount of an alkali metal or ammonium tripolyphosphate; b) an effective amount of a fluoride ion source; c) an effective amount of a soluble orthophosphate salt; and d) water wherein said composition has a pH of less than about 8.0. The present invention also encompasses a method for retarding the development of dental calculus. By "Oral Compositions" as used herein means a product which in the ordinary course of usage is not intentionally swallowed for purposes of systemic administration of particular therapeutic agents, but is rather retained in the oral cavity for a time sufficient to contact substantially all of the dental surfaces and/or oral tissues for purposes of oral activity. By "safe and/or effective amount" as used herein means sufficient amount of material to provide the desired benefit while being safe to the hard and soft tissues of the oral cavity. By the term "comprising", as used herein, is meant that various additional components can be conjointly employed in the compositions of this invention as long as the listed materials perform their intended functions. By the term "carrier", as used herein, is meant a suitable vehicle which is pharmaceutically acceptable and can be used to apply the present compositions in the oral cavity. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed: 1. 1. An oral composition consisting essentially of: (a) an amount of a water soluble tripolyphosphate salt sufficient to provide from about 0.5% to about 7.5% of P.sub.3 O.sub.10 and species; (b) an amount of a water soluble orthophosphate salt sufficient to provide from about 0.2% to about 5.0% of orthophosphate anion species; (c) an amount of a water soluble fluoride ion source sufficient to provide from about 50 ppm to about 1500 ppm of fluoride ions; and (d) water. 2. 2. A composition according to claim 1 wherein said tripolyphosphate salt and ortho phosphate salt are sodium salts. 3. 3. A composition according to claim 2 wherein the fluoride ion source is sodium fluoride. 4. 4. A composition according to claim 1 wherein said composition is a toothpaste or a mouthwash and the orthophosphate salt is disodium orthophosphate and the tripolyphosphate salt is sodium tripolyphosphate. 5. 5. A composition according to claim 4 wherein said composition is a toothpaste which in addition contains an abrasive and a binder. 6. 6. A composition according to claim 5 wherein said toothpaste additionally contains a water insoluble, noncationic antibacterial agent. 7. 7. A composition according to claim 6 wherein said antibacterial agent is triclosan. 8. 8. A composition according to claim 4 wherein the composition is a mouthwash and in addition contains a humectant. 9. 9. A composition according to claim 8 which in addition contains an additional anticalculus agent. 10. 10. A composition according to claim 9 which in addition contains a water-insoluble, noncationic antibacterial agent. 11. 11. A composition according to claim 10 wherein said antibacterial agent is triclosan. 12. 12. A process for reducing calculus of those susceptible to forming calculus and for treating diseases of the oral cavity by applying to said cavity an effective amount of a composition according to claim 1. 13. 13. A process for treating diseases of the oral cavity by applying to said cavity an effective amount of a composition made according to claim 2. 14. 14. A process for treating diseases of the oral cavity by applying to said cavity an effective amount of a composition made according to claim 5. 15. 15. A process for treating diseases of the oral cavity by applying to said cavity an effective amount of a composition made according to claim 6. 16. 16. A process for treating diseases of the oral cavity by applying to said cavity an effective amount of a composition made according to claim 8. 17. 17. A process for treating diseases of the oral cavity by applying to said cavity an effective amount of a composition made according to claim 10.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176901</DOCNO><APP-NO>683149</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910410</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176901</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K  7/16</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 54</PRI-USPC><CITATION>3956480/19760500	4110429/19780800	4188372/19800200	4273759/19810600	4425323/19840100	4485089/19841100	4490353/19841200	4528182/19850700	4701318/19871000	4774077/19880900	4820507/19890400	4994262/19910200</CITATION><INVENTOR>Gallopo; Andrew R.<tab>Ibrahim; Nader I.<tab>Mazzanobile; Salvatore</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>SmithKline Beecham Corporation</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Dental composition</TITLE><ABST>Dentifrices containing cationic antibacterial agents are disclosed herein.</ABST><SPEC>SPECIFIC EMBODIMENTS These dentifrice may be substantially solid, pasty or liquid in character such as is found in a tooth powder, a dental tablet or a toothpaste or dental cream. These compositions typically will have a pH similar to that of the oral cavity, but may be formulated so as to be either acidic or alkaline. Buffers may be added to maintain pH if desired. Suitable cationic antibacterial agents for use in dentifrices of the invention include: (i) quaternary ammonium compounds, for instance those in which one or two of the substituents on the quaternary nitrogen has between 8 and 20, preferably 10 and 18 carbon atoms and is preferably an alkyl group, which may optionally be interrupted by an amide, ester, oxygen, sulphur, or heterocyclic ring. The remaining nitrogen substituents will have a lower number of carbon atoms, for instance between 1 and 7, and are preferably alkyl, for instance methyl or ethyl, or benzyl. The anion will be an orally acceptable salt forming group. Examples of such compounds including benzalkonium, chloride, dodecyl trimethyl ammonium chloride, benzyl dimethyl stearyl ammonium chloride, and cetyl trimethyl ammonium bromide, benzethonium chloride (diisobutyl phenoxyethoxyethyl dimethylbenzyl ammonium chloride), and methyl benzethonium chloride; ii) pyridinium and isoquinolinium compounds, exemplified by hexadecylpyridinium chloride, cetyl pyridinium chloride, and alkyl isoquinolinium bromide; (iii) pyrimidine derivatives such as hexetidine (5- amino-1,3-bis(2-ethylhexyl)-5-methylhexahydropyrimidine); (IV) amidine derivatives such as hexamidine isethionate (4,4'-diamidino-.alpha.,.omega.-diphenoxyhexane isothionate); (v) bispyridine derivatives such as octenidine (N,N'[1,10-decanediyldi-1(4H)-pyridinyl-4-ylidene]bis(1-octanamine dihydrochloride); and (vi) biguanides including: (a) mono-biguanides such as p-chlorobenzyl biguanide, and N'-(4-chlorobenzyl)-N"-(2,4-dichlorobenzyl)biguanide. (b) bis-biguanides of the general formula (I): ##STR1## wherein: A.sub.1 and A.sub.2 are independently a phenyl group optionally substituted by (C.sub.1-4)alkyl, (C.sub.1-4)alkoxy, nitro, halogen, C.sub.1-12)alkyl group, or (C.sub.4-12)alicylclic; X.sub.1 and X.sub.2 are independently (C.sub.1-3)alkylene; R and R.sup.1 are independently hydrogen, (C.sub.1-12)alkyl, or aryl(C.sub.1-6)alkyl; Z.sub.1 and Z.sub.2 are independently 0 or 1; Q is CH.sub.2, oxygen, sulfur, or aryl; n in each (CH.sub.2)n group is independently is an integer from 1 to 12 but the total of both n groups may not exceed 12; aryl is phenyl, naphthyl or another aromatic ring; and orally acceptable acid addition salts thereof. Preferred compounds are chlorhexidine and alexidine. (c) poly(biguanides) such as polyhexamethylene biguanide hydrochloride. An amount sufficient of the cationic antibacterial agent to usefully reduce plaque formation and treat gingivitis will be one in the range of about 0.005 to 10% weight/weight (w/w), preferably 0.005 to 5%, more preferably 0.005 to 2.5% and most preferably 1.0% w/w. Any thickening agent may be used so long as it is not an anionic thickening agent. More specifically, nonionic and cationic thickening agents are preferred for use in this invention. Suitable nonionic thickening agents include (C.sub.2-6)alkylene oxide modified (C.sub.1-6)alkylcellulose ethers, for instance hydroxyethylcellulose, hydroxypropylcellulose, hydroxypropylmethylcellulose, and mixtures thereof. Suitable cationic thickening agents include quaternary cellulose derivatives such as the products supplied by Amerchol Europe under the trademark LR 30M and JR 30M, cationic guar gum derivatives such as the products supplied by Celanse under the trademark Jaguar C17 (guar hydroxypropyltriammonium chloride), or a copolymer of a diallyl ammonium chloride and acrylic acid such as the product supplied by Merck and Co. under the trademark `Merquat 280` (CFTA approved name polyquaterinium 22). Other thickening agents which may be employed include polyvinylpyrrolidone, starch and certain non-abrasive silica gels such as those sold by Huber under the trade name Zeofree, and other silica thickening agents. Advantageously thickening agent are present in the range 0.01 to 30%, preferably 0.1 to 15%. The thickening agent aspect of this invention is achieved by combining a soluble or sparingly soluble alkali metal pyrophosphate with an insoluble or essentially insoluble calcium salt and thereby creating in situ material which thickens dentifrices. Useful soluble alkali metal pyrophosphates are, for example, tetrasodium and tetrapotassium pyrophosphate or combinations thereof. Calcium salts which can be used in combination with the those pyrophosphates are, for example, CaCO.sub.3, CaHPO.sub.4, and the like. Useful concentrations of the soluble pyrophosphate range up to about 10.0% of the composition by weight, preferably up to 8% by weight. As for the calcium salt, it is expected that some amount in the range of up to 3.0%, preferably 0.5 to 2.6% by weight, will impart a thickening affect to a dentifrices. If a calcium salt is used as the abrasive, thickening is achieved without reducing the abrasive characteristics of the formulation by increasing the amount of that abrasive salt by several percentage points, for example 1 to 2%. Any surfactant may be used in this invention so long as it is not anionic. For example nonionic, cationic and amphoteric surfactants may be used in these dentifrices. Suitable nonionic surfactant include polyethoxylated sorbitol monoesters (for instance, the products marketed under the trade name `Tween` by ICI); polycondensates of ethylene oxide and propylene oxide (poloxamers) (for instance the products marketed under the trade name `Pluronic` by BASF-Wyandotte); condensates of propylene glycol and polyethoxylated hydrogenated castor oil (for instance, cremophors). Suitable amphoteric surfactants include long chain imidazoline derivatives such as the product marketed under the trade name `Miranol C2M` by Miranol; long chain alkyl betaines, such as the product marketed under the trade name `Empigen BB` by Albright & Wilson; and long chain alkyl amidoalkyl betaines, such as cocamidopropylbetaine, and mixtures thereof. Useful cationic surfactants may be, for example, cocamidopropyl PG dimonium chloride phosphate (Monaquat PTC) and lauramidopropyl PG dimonium chloride phosphate (Monaquat PTL). These dentifrices contain abrasives, also called polishing materials. For the purposes of this invention, essentially insoluble abrasives are to be used. The term insoluble is defined with reference to both the confected dentifrices and its use in the oral cavity. Examples of such abrasives are certain phosphates such as sodium metaphosphate, potassium metaphosphate, tricalcium phosphate, dicalcium phosphate dihydrate, anyhdrous dicalcium phosphate, calcium pyrophosphate, zinc orthophosphate, alumina, hydrated alumina, aluminum silicate, bentonite, certain carbonates such as calcium carbonate, and mixtures thereof. Preferred abrasives include dicalcium phosphate, particularly the dihydrate, calcium pyrophosphate, calcium carbonate and alumina. Most if not all of the abrasives listed above are available from commercial sources, or they can be prepared by means known in the art. For instance, dicalcium phosphate in the preferred dihydrate form is readily available from many commercial sources. Likewise calcium pyrophosphate and calcium carbonate are commercially available. If alumina is used, and there are many sources, it is most preferred to use a hydrated alumina such as that sold by Alcoa as C333. It is understood that any chosen abrasive will be sufficiently pure so as to meet the health and regulatory standards for a dentifrices. Abrasives are generally present in amounts ranging from about 5% to about 95% by weight of the oral preparation. Preferably, they will be present in amounts ranging from about 5% to about 75% in toothpaste, and from about 10% to about 95% in tooth powder. In certain forms of this invention a fluoride-providing compound is present in the oral preparation. These compounds may be slightly soluble in water or may be fully water-soluble. They are characterized by their ability to release fluoride ions in water and by substantial freedom from reaction with other compounds of the oral preparation. Among these materials are inorganic fluoride salts, such as soluble alkali metal, alkaline earth metal and heavy metal salts, for example, sodium fluoride, potassium fluoride, ammonium fluoride, lead fluoride, a copper fluoride such as cuprous fluoride, zinc fluoride, a tin fluoride such as stannic fluoride or stannous chlorofluoride, barium fluoride, sodium fluorosilicate, ammonium fluorosilicate, sodium fluorozirconate, sodium monofluorophosphate, aluminum mono- and difluorophosphate, and fluorinated sodium calcium pyrophosphate. Alkali metal and tin fluorides, such as sodium and stannous fluorides, sodium monofluorophosphate and mixtures thereof, are preferred. The amount of the fluoride-providing compound is dependent to some extent upon the type of compound, its solubility and the type of oral preparation, but it must be a nontoxic amount. In a solid oral preparation, such as a toothpaste or tooth powder, an amount of such compound which releases a maximum of 1% by weight of the preparation is considered satisfactory. Any suitable minimum amount of such compound may be used, but it is preferable to employ sufficient compound to release from 0.005% to 2%, and preferably about 0.1% of fluoride ion. Typically, in the cases of alkali metal fluorides and stannous fluoride, the component is present in an amount up to 4% by weight, based on the weight of the preparation, and preferably in the range of from 0.05% to 2%. In the case of sodium monofluorophospate (MFP), the compound may be present in an amount up to 7.6% by weight more typically 0.76%. Optionally, anti-calculus agents may be incorporated into these compositions. For example certain pyrophosphates have been found to be useful in reducing calculus formation. There are numerous publications and patents describing pyrophosphate-based anti-calculus compositions and their use in the oral cavity. For example see U.S. Pat. No. 3,515,772 which describes the use of certain alkali metal pyrophosphates, particularly di alkali and tetra-alkali metal pyrophosphate salts of P.sub.2 O.sub.7-4. The tetrapotassium and tetrasodium forms are most frequently used in dentifrices as anticalculus agent. This U.S. patent is incorporated herein by reference as if set out in full in this writing. Other phosphates, including hexametaphosphates, tripolyphosphates and other polyphosphates, usually in the form of an alkali metal salt, have been proposed or are being used in dentifrices as anticalculus agents. It is expected that one or more of these agents can be usefully incorporated into the compositions of this invention. In preparing tooth powders, it is usually sufficient to admix mechanically, e.g., by milling, the various solid ingredients in appropriate quantities and particle sizes. With regard to pastes the liquid vehicle may comprise water, and usually a humectant, typically in an amount ranging from about 10% to about 90% by weight of the preparation. Glycerin, sorbitol, or polyethylene glycol are examples of useful humectants. Particularly advantageous liquid ingredients comprise mixtures of water, glycerine or sorbitol. Various other ingredients such as preservatives, dyes and other coloring agents, flavorings, sweeteners, anti-staining agents, desensitizing agents and the like may be added to these dentifrices. Such additives are frequently used in dentifrices and are therefore well known in the art. It will be understood that these dentifrices are to be sold or otherwise distributed in suitably labelled packages. Toothpastes are packaged in tubes or squeezable tubes (aluminum or plastic) or containers or in a rigid tube with some expelling device for delivering the paste, such as a pump. Powders normally are prepared in cans or bottles with a removable top or some means whereby the powder can be dispensed by inverting and shaking or by introducing a spoon or other device for removing a portion of the powder. Liquid formulations can be packaged in capped tubes or bottles and be dispensed by squeezing, mechanical means; pre-pressurized containers may also used with liquid formulations. This invention is further illustrated by the following examples. These examples are only intended to illustrate the invention not to limit its scope or practice in any manner or form. Formulations are given on a weight/weight basis. EXAMPLES 1 CPC/Dicalcium Phosphate Abrasive Toothpaste An example of a toothpaste where the abrasive is dicalcium phosphate dihydrate is set out below. Table I lists the ingredients for the paste, which was tested for the availability of the cationic antibacterial by extracting the water solubles, then looking at the amount of recovered antibacterial via instrumental analyses such as an HPLC-bases assay and microbiological assay. TABLE I ______________________________________ Percent by Ingredients Weight/Weight ______________________________________ Glycerin 7.000 Methocel KI5M.sup.1 0.600 Na MFP 0.836 Na Saccharin 0.246 Sorbitol 3.550 CaHPO.sub.4 Dihydrate 40.000 TiO.sub.2 0.956 Flavor 0.800 Deionized Water 36.012 Pluronic F127 9.000 CPC.sup.2 1.000 100.000 ______________________________________ .sup.1 Hydroxymethylpropylcellulose, Dow Chemical Co. .sup.2 Cetylpyridinium chloride. A paste suitable for use as a dentifrice using these materials was prepared as follows: The glycerin and Methocel were mixed together. Then the sodium monofluorophosphate and sodium saccharin were dissolved in a portion of the water and added to the first mix. Sorbitol (Sorbo) was then added, followed by a mix of the dicalcium phosphate dihydrate and titanium dioxide. Flavoring was then added after which a mixture of the remaining water, Pluronics and CPC was mixed into the earlier prepared mixture. EXAMPLE 2 CPC/Alumina Abrasive Toothpaste A toothpaste with alumina as the abrasive and CPC as the cationic antibacterial agent was prepared. Table II sets out the ingredients and their relative amounts. TABLE II ______________________________________ Percent by Ingredients Weight/Weight ______________________________________ Glycerin 20.000 Natrosol 250 H.sup.3 1.000 Na MFP 0.836 Na Saccharin 0.246 Alumina 14.000 Zeofree 153.sup.4 10.000 TiO.sub.2 0.956 PEG 400 3.000 Flavor 0.800 Deionized Water 46.162 Pluronic F-87 1.000 Pluronic F-127 1.000 CPC 1.000 100.00% ______________________________________ .sup.3 Hydroxyethyl cellulose, Aqualon. .sup.4 Thickening silica, Huber. The paste was prepared by first combining glycerin and the Natrosol 250H in a portion of the water. To this was added a mix of water, the sodium monofluorophosphate and sodium saccharin. Then alumina, Zeofree 153 and titanium dioxide was combined and added to the existing mixture. A mix of the remaining glycerin and PEG 400 was added followed by the flavoring agent. Finally the rest of the water mixed with the Pluronics and CPC was added with mixing to form a toothpaste. EXAMPLE 3 CPC/Alumina Toothpaste with Pyrophosphates A paste with pyrophosphates for tartar removal was prepared with the CPC/alumina paste of Example 2. Table III recites the ingredients and amounts contained in this preparation. TABLE III ______________________________________ Percent by Ingredients Weight/Weight ______________________________________ Na MFP 0.836 Na Saccharin 0.246 K.sub.4 P.sub.2 O.sub.7 4.000 Na.sub.2 P.sub.2 O.sub.7 1.810 Alumina 14.000 Zeofree 153 10.000 TiO.sub.2 0.956 Glycerin 20.000 PEG 400 3.000 Flavor 0.800 Deionized Water 40.352 Pluronic F-127 1.000 Pluronic F-87 1.000 CPC 1.000 100.000 ______________________________________ A paste was prepared from these materials in the manner described in Example 2. EXAMPLE 4 CPC/Calcium Pyrophosphate Toothpaste Toothpastes with calcium pyrophosphate as the abrasive were prepared. Table V gives a representative example of the ingredients which were used to prepare such pastes. TABLE IV ______________________________________ Percent by Ingredients Weight/Weight ______________________________________ K.sub.4 P.sub.2 O.sub.7 5.000 Na.sub.4 P.sub.2 O.sub.7 1.810 Na MFP 0.836 Na Saccharin 0.246 CaHPO.sub.4 2.300 Glycerin 22.000 Natrosol 250H 0.600 Calcium pyrophosphate 40.000 TiO.sub.2 0.956 Flavor 0.800 Pluronic F-127 1.000 Pluronic F-87 1.000 CPC 1.000 Deionized Water qs 100% ______________________________________ In making up a paste, a portion of the water was used to dissolve up the pyrophosphates, sodium monofluorophosphate and sodium saccharin. Then the dicalcium phosphate was added to that mix. Subsequently, a portion of the glycerin and Natrosol 250H were combined and mixed in with earlier mixture. A mix of calcium pyrophospate and titanium dioxide was then prepared and incorporated into the earlier mix. The remaining glycerin was then added, followed by the flavoring agent. Finally, a mixture of water, pluronics and CPC was prepared and mixed in with the previously described mixture to form the paste. EXAMPLE 5 CPC/Calcium Carbonate Toothpaste Toothpastes with calcium carbonate as the abrasive were prepared. Table IV gives a representative example of the ingredients where used to prepare such pastes. TABLE V ______________________________________ Percent by Ingredients Weight/Weight ______________________________________ Natrosol 250 H 1.500 Na MFP 0.836 Na Saccharin 0.246 Zeofree 153 5.000 Glycerin 22.000 CaCO.sub.3 35.000 TiO.sub.2 0.956 Flavor 0.800 Pluronic F-127 1.000 Pluronic F-87 1.000 CPC 1.000 Deionized Water qs 100% ______________________________________ Here, qs refers to a quantity sufficient to make 100%. The order of mixing was as follows: Part of the glycerin, part of the water and Natrosol 250H were combined. To this was added a mixture comprising water, sodium monofluorophosphate and sodium saccharin. Calcium carbonate was added to this mixture. The remaining glycerin was then added followed by a mixture of the Zeofree and the titanium dioxide. Flavoring was added following by a mix of the Pluronics and CPC. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates to a dentifrice comprising a cationic antibacterial agent useful in the prophylaxis and/or treatment of periodontal disease, calculus and caries and selected abrasives. A new thickening agent comprising a soluble alkali metal pyrophosphate and a calcium salt is also disclosed. The use of antibacterial agents, including cationic antibacterial agents, in oral hygiene compositions has been widely advocated as a means of reducing the bacterial plaque population and this may be beneficial in the treatment of periodontal disease, calculus and/or caries. While mouthwashes containing cationic antibacterial agents are available, these suffer the disadvantage that the cationic antibacterial agents tend to leave a brown stain due to interaction of the agents with plaque. Such a drawback may be, in principle, minimized by using the antibacterial agent in a dentifrice, so that the abrasive included therein removes the stained plaque. In practice however there are found to be severe problems in providing a useful formulation because of the intrinsic incompatibility of the cationic antibacterial agents with many of the other conventional elements of a dentifrice formulation, which incompatibility drastically reduces the bio-availability of the cationic agent. In addition, the cationic antibacterial agents often have a bitter taste which needs to be masked to provide a product which is acceptable to the consumer. It has now been discovered that the problem of bio-availability may be overcome or at least mitigated by the use of certain abrasives in combination with cationic antibacterial agents in dentifrices. Also, the thickening agents based on a pyrophosphate and a calcium salt make it possible to eliminate all or essentially all of certain thickening agents such as non-abrasive silica gels which may reduce CPC availability. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Accordingly, the present invention provides a dentifrice for reducing plaque formation and treating gingivitis on teeth and soft tissue comprising: (a) an amount of a cationic antibacterial agent sufficient to usefully reduce plaque formation and treat gingivitis; (b) at least one thickening agent which is not an anionic thickening agent; (c) at least one surfactant which is not an anionic surfactant; and (d) a non-silica abrasive which is essentially insoluble in said dentifrice. Another aspect of this invention is that it has been found these and other dentifrice can be thickened by combining a soluble or sparingly soluble alkali metal pyrophosphate with an insoluble or essentially insoluble calcium salt thereby creating in situ material which thickens dentifrice formulations. Optionally a humectant, an anti-caries agent, flavoring agents and other excipients necessary or useful in formulating and using a dentifrice can be included in these compositions. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A dentifrice for reducing plaque formation and treating gingivitis on teeth and soft tissue which has a pH between 6 and 8 consisting essentially of: (a) a cationic quaternary ammonium antibacterial agent in an amount between about 0.005 and 10% by weight; (b) at least one thickening agent which is not an anionic thickening agent; (c) at least one surfactant which is not an anionic surfactant; and (d) and an abrasive consisting essentially of a compound selected from the group consisting of calcium carbonate, dicalcium phosphate and calcium pyrophosphate. 2. 2. The dentifrice of claim 1 where the abrasive is dicalcium phosphate dihydrate which is present in an amount between about 5% to about 75% w/w. 3. 3. The dentrifice of claim 2 where the quaternary ammonium compound is present in a toothpaste in an amount between about 0.005 to 5% (w/w). 4. 4. The dentifrice of claim 3 where the quaternary ammonium compound is cetylpyridinium chloride. 5. 5. The dentrifice of claim 4 where the dicalcium phosphate dihydrate is present in about 40% and the cetylpyridinium chloride in about 1.0% and also contains a fluoride-providing compound and an anticalculus agent.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176902</DOCNO><APP-NO>802687</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19911205</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176902</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K  7/021</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 63</PRI-USPC><CITATION>4172123/19791000	4722836/19881100</CITATION><INVENTOR>Castro; John R.<tab>Strickland; John D.<tab>Szweda; John A.<tab>Rigg; Richard T.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Elizabeth Arden Company, Division of Conopco, Inc.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Colored cosmetic sticks of improved hardness</TITLE><ABST>A method is provided for producing a colored cosmetic stick or reproducible hardness through utilizing a wax that has been treated with an alcohol to convert any naturally-occurring C.sub.12 -C.sub.60 fatty acid into a respective ester. This esterified wax is mixed with an aluminum lake colorant and then formed into a stick. There is also disclosed colored cosmetic sticks produced through the aforementioned process.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION The manufacture of a reproducibly rigid colored cosmetic stick requires provision of a wax which is free from any C.sub.12 -C.sub.60 fatty acid, especially fatty monocarboxylic acid, an impurity normally present in the natural waxes. This impurity may be counteracted through esterification with a molar equivalent or more of a C.sub.1 -C.sub.60 mono or polyhydric alcohol. Particularly preferred are the C.sub.1 -C.sub.60 monohydric alcohols. Illustrative alcohols useful herein include methanol, ethanol, lauryl alcohol, palmitic alcohol and combinations thereof. The esterification process involves combining the natural wax with from 0.5 to 20% of the alcohol in a vessel under agitation at a temperature of anywhere from about 40.degree. C. to about 250.degree. C., preferably from about 80.degree. C. to about 150.degree. C. Advantageously, a vacuum is applied to the vessel to remove water vapor formed in the esterification. An effective amount of a Lewis acid catalyst may be employed, for instance, a mineral acid (e.g. sulfuric or hydrochloric acid), an organic acid (e.g. toluene sulfonic acid) or an inorganic substance such as boron trifluoride etherate. The natural waxes suitable for the present invention are normally low-melting organic compounds of high molecular weight, solid at room temperature and generally similar in composition to fats and oils, except that they contain no glycerides. Waxes are thermoplastic, but since they are not high polymers, they are not considered in the family of plastics. Among the natural waxes are those of animal origin (beeswax, spermaceti, lanolin, shellac wax) and vegetable origin (carnauba, candelilla, bayberry, sugarcane wax). Most preferred are candelilla, carnauba, beeswax, lanolin and spermaceti waxes. Amounts of the wax may range anywhere from about 1 to about 99% by weight, preferably from about 10 to about 50%, optimally between about 15 and about 25% by weight. Compositions of the present invention will contain from about 0.001 to about 20% by weight of a colorant which is an aluminum salt. Amounts of colorant will preferably range from about 0.1 to about 10%, optimally from about 0.5 to about 8% by weight. Advantageously, the aluminum salt is an aluminum lake. Lakes are either a pigment that is extended or reduced with a solid diluent or an organic pigment that is prepared by the precipitation of a water-soluble dye on an adsorptive surface, which usually is alumina hydrate. There is uncertainty in some instances as to whether the soluble dye precipitates on the surface of the alumina hydrate to yield a dyed inorganic pigment or whether it merely precipitates in the presence of the substate. A lake also forms from precipitation of an insoluble salt from an acid or basic dye. Particularly preferred aluminum lakes of the present invention are Red 3 Aluminum Lake, Red 21 Aluminum Lake, Red 27 Aluminum Lake, Red 28 Aluminum Lake, Red 33 Aluminum Lake, Yellow 5 Aluminum Lake, Yellow 6 Aluminum Lake, Yellow 10 Aluminum Lake, Orange 5 Aluminum Lake and Blue 1 Aluminum Lake. Beyond the basic components of the present invention, there optionally may be other ingredients which serve to enhance product function and aesthetics. These optional ingredients are detailed below. Emulsifiers may be incorporated in the cosmetic formulations of the present invention. Overall concentration of emulsifier may range anywhere from about 0.1 to about 30% by weight of the formulation, preferably from about 0.5 to about 20%, optimally between about 2 and 10% by weight. Phospholipids is an important category of emulsifiers that may contribute to the stability and pleasing appearance of the composition. Examples of phospholipids are those within the categories of phosphoglycerides, lysophosphoglycerides, sphingomyelins and mixtures thereof. Especially useful as a phospholipid is lecithin. Fatty acid derivative-type emulsifiers may also be employed, especially in combination with a phospholipid. These emulsifiers may include monoacyl glycerol, diacyl glycerol and polyglycerol esters and combinations thereof. Especially preferred are glycerol monoalkanoates, an example of which are the monoglycerides of sunflower seed oil and of palm oil. Emollient oils which are defined as oily organic substances liquid at room temperature (i.e. 20.degree. C.) can be employed singly or as mixtures of two or more oils. They normally will be present at levels from about 2 to about 97%, preferably from about 30 to 70% by weight of the composition. These oils are useful not only for emollient purposes but may also impart viscosity, tackiness and drag properties. Examples of suitable oils include caprylic triglycerides; capric triglycerides; isostearic triglycerides; adipic triglycerides; propylene glycol myristyl acetate; lanolin oil; polybutene; isopropyl palmitate; isopropyl myristate; diethyl sebacate; diisopropyl adipate; hexadecyl stearate; cetyl oleate; oleyl alcohol; hexadecyl alcohol; wheatgerm oil; hydrogenated vegetable oils; petrolatum; modified lanolins; branched-chain hydrocarbons, alcohols and esters; castor oil; corn oil; cottonseed oil; olive oil; palm kernel oil; rapeseed oil; safflower seed oil; jojoba oil; evening primrose oil; avocado oil; mineral oil; and volatile and non-volatile silicone oils. Skin active ingredients in the form of both water-soluble and insoluble substances may be included within the formulations of this invention. These ingredients may range anywhere from about 0.0001 to about 10% by weight. Examples include zinc oxide; .beta.-glycyrrhetic acid; chamomile oil; ginko biloba extract; pyroglutamic acid, salts or esters; sodium hyaluronate; 2-hydroxyoctanoic acid; sulphur; salicylic acid; carboxymethyl cysteine and mixtures thereof. The following examples will more fully illustrate certain aspects of the present invention. All parts, percentages and proportions referred to herein and in the appended claims are by weight unless otherwise indicated. EXAMPLE Beeswax containing free fatty acids was heated along with a C.sub.14 -C.sub.16 alcohol mixture to 200.degree. C. under a vacuum of approximately 7 inches for approximately three hours. Lipsticks were prepared having the following formula: ______________________________________ Ingredient % Weight ______________________________________ Castor oil 19.5 Isopropyl palmitate 11.6 Caprylic/capric/isostearic/adipic triglyceride 7.0 Lanolin 7.0 Red 21 Aluminum Lake 7.0 Candelilla wax 6.6 Propylene glycol myristyl ether acetate 6.0 Caprylic/capric triglyceride 5.8 Glycerol 5.0 Water 5.0 Titanium dioxide 4.7 Beeswax 4.1 Monoglyceride 3.5 Lanolin oil 2.5 Ozokerite wax 2.5 Phospholipid (soybean lecithin) 1.0 Polybutene 0.8 Carnauba wax 0.4 ______________________________________ Lipsticks similar in composition to those above were formulated with the waxes still retaining their free fatty acid impurities ("Non Esterified"). Other sticks were formed from the same waxes that were, however, esterified. Table I describes the results of various physical property tests on both sets of lipsticks. TABLE I ______________________________________ Rheological and Stability Results Phase Crush (g) Break (g) *Stability ______________________________________ Esterified Waxes 3,200.0 425.0 No oil exudation Non Esterified 600 200 Oil exudation ______________________________________ Phase stability was measured by a freeze/thaw test. Samples of the lipstick were subjected to freeze/thaw cycling between 0.degree. C./45.degree. C., 40.degree. C. and room temperature. Crush and break measurements were obtained on a Chatillion apparatus. An acceptable lipstick normally will have crush and break values of greater than 2,000 g and 400 g, respectively. Only the esterified wax formula provided acceptable crush, break and stability values. There was also a quite noticeable increase in surface gloss in the formulas containing esterified waxes which is an indication of relatively good crystalline structure. The foregoing description and example illustrate selected embodiments of the present invention. In light thereof, various modifications will be suggested to one skilled in the art, all of which are within the spirit and purview of this invention. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The invention relates to a colored cosmetic stick of improved rigidity for use especially as a lipstick. 2. The Related Art Traditional lipsticks are formulated with hydrophobic ingredients such as triglyceride or fatty acid ester derived oils and waxes. In particular, the waxes are important to impart the requisite stiffness or rigidity for structurant purposes. A problem occasionally arises when a batch of lipstick inexplicitly turns too soft thereby drawing the composition outside the hardness specification. Not only are these odd batches a quality control problem, but there is a direct negative impact upon production costs when an errant batch must be discarded. Causes of the problem have not been fully identified. Accordingly it is an object of the present invention to provide a colored cosmetic stick, especially a lipstick, formulated with hydrophobic ingredients including oils and waxes which result in a product of reproducibly satisfactory hardness. Another object of the present invention is to provide a colored cosmetic stick, especially a lipstick, that can be rendered reproducibly hard in a cost efficient method. A still further object of the present invention is to provide a colored cosmetic stick, especially a lipstick, formulated with both yellow and red colorants that will have good color impact while maintaining structural and aesthetic integrity. These and other objects, features and advantages of the present invention will become more readily apparent through consideration of the following summary, detailed description and examples which follow. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Now it has been found that traces of water, sometimes considerably less than 0.3% water, may adversely interact with colorants such as aluminum salts or lakes which then further react with C.sub.12 -C.sub.60 fatty acids to form aluminum soaps. These soaps act as crystal poisons which cause the stick to lose structure. Thus, compositions of the present invention should be formulated with less than an effective amount of the C.sub.12 -C.sub.60 fatty acid that would otherwise form a soap with aluminum lakes. While fatty acids are not often purposely formulated with colored cosmetic sticks, these materials are often present as substantial impurities in standard waxes such as candelilla, ozokerite, carnauba, beeswax, lanolin and spermaceti waxes. Armed with this insight, a method has been devised for manufacturing colored cosmetic sticks that insures reproducible hardness. The method comprises: (i) selecting a wax that has been esterified with an alcohol to convert all naturally present C.sub.12 -C.sub.60 fatty acid into a respective ester; (ii) mixing the esterified wax in an amount from about 1 to about 99% with a colorant which is an aluminum salt in an amount from about 0.001 to about 20%; and (iii) forming a colored cosmetic stick with the mixture from step (ii). In another aspect of the invention there is provided a colored cosmetic stick comprising: (i) from about 1 to about 99% of a natural wax; (ii) from about 0.001 to about 20% of a colorant which is an aluminum salt; and (iii) from about 0.001 to about 20% of a C.sub.12 -C.sub.60 fatty acid ester; and wherein is absent any C.sub.12 -C.sub.60 fatty acid. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A method for preparing a colored cosmetic stick which is a lipstick comprising: (i) selecting a wax that has been esterified with a C.sub.1 -C.sub.60 mono or polyhydric alcohol to convert all naturally present C.sub.12 -C.sub.60 fatty acid into a respective ester; (ii) mixing the esterified wax in an amount from about 1 to about 99% with a colorant which is an aluminum lake in an amount from about 0.001 to about 20%; and (iii) forming a colored cosmetic stick with the mixture from step (ii). 2. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said aluminum lake is selected from the group consisting of Red 3 Aluminum Lake, Red 21 Aluminum Lake, Red 27 Aluminum Lake, Red 28 Aluminum Lake, Red 33 Aluminum Lake, Yellow 5 Aluminum Lake, Yellow 6 Aluminum Lake, Yellow 10 Aluminum Lake, Orange 5 Aluminum Lake, Blue 1 Aluminum Lake and combinations thereof. 3. 3. The method according to claim 1 wherein said alcohol is a C.sub.1 -C.sub.60 alcohol. 4. 4. The method according to claim 1 wherein the wax is selected form the group consisting of candelilla, carnauba, beeswax, lanolin, spermaceti and wax mixtures thereof. 5. 5. A colored cosmetic stick which is a lipstick comprising: (i) from about 1 to about 99% of a natural wax; (ii) from about 0.001 to about 20% of a colorant which is an aluminum lake; and (iii) from about 0.001 to about 20% of a C.sub.12 -C.sub.60 fatty acid ester; and wherein is absent any C.sub.12 -C.sub.60 fatty acid. 6. 6. The colored cosmetic stick according to claim 5 wherein the aluminum lake is selected from the group consisting of Red 3 Aluminum Lake, Red 21 Aluminum Lake, Red 27 Aluminum lake, Red 28 Aluminum Lake, Red 33 Aluminum Lake, Yellow 5 Aluminum Lake, Yellow 6 Aluminum Lake, Yellow 10 Aluminum Lake, Orange 5 Aluminum Lake, Blue 1 Aluminum Lake and combinations thereof. 7. 7. The colored cosmetic stick according to claim 5 wherein the wax is selected form the group consisting of candelilla, carnauba, beeswax, lanolin, spermaceti and wax mixtures thereof. 8. 8. The colored cosmetic stick according to claim 5 wherein said wax is present in an amount of from about 10 to about 50% by weight.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176903</DOCNO><APP-NO>627143</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19901213</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176903</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K  7/34</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 66</PRI-USPC><CITATION>3691271/19720900	4605554/19860800	4639369/19870100	4724240/19880200	4818522/19890400	5039518/19910800</CITATION><INVENTOR>Goldberg; Marvin<tab>Kellner; David M.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Revlon Consumer Products Corporation</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Antiperspirant/deodorant containing microcapsules</TITLE><ABST>An antiperspirant/deodorant composition containing a cosmetically effective amount of microcapsules which encapsulate a composition comprised of fragrance and an ester.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION The antiperspirant/deodorant composition of the invention may be in the form of a solid stick, an aerosol, a pump spray, a roll-on, cream, lotion, or powder. In addition the composition of the invention may be a clear antiperspirant/deodorant in the solid stick, aerosol, roll-on, cream, lotion, etc. A conventional solid stick generally comprises a wax base into which the antiperspirant salts are incorporated. A suitable wax base generally comprises one or more waxes, and if desired a number of nonessential constituents such as suspending agents, whitening agents, payoff enhancers, absorbants, wetting agents, and so on. Roll-ons and lotions are liquid based with various possible liquids serving as the vehicle. Silicones, glycols, emollients, and so on represent some of the suitable vehicles. A number of nonessential constituents such as suspending agents, drying agents, emollients, etc. may be added to enhance cosmetic effects. In antiperspirant creams the vehicle is a cream. Generally creams contain oils and light waxes to provide the cream effect. It may also be desired to add nonessential but desireable constituents such as suspending agents, silicones, alcohol, whitening agents, and so forth. Antiperspirant powders are obviously powder based. The vehicle comprises powder constituents such as talc, kaolin, and other similar powder constituents. Other antiperspirant types include pads and gels. The microcapsules of the invention may be incorporated into any of the above forms of antiperspirant/deodorant. Generally a cosmetically effective amount of microcapsules ranges from 0.01-10.0%, with 0.1-5.0% preferred, and 0.5-1.0% most preferred. The microcapsules encapsulate a composition comprised of fragrance oil and an ester of the formula: CH.sub.3 (CH.sub.2).sub.x CH(OCOR.sub.1)(CH.sub.2).sub.y COOR.sub.2 wherein R.sub.1 is a hydrocarbon radical having 17 carbon atoms with 0-3 double bond therein. R.sub.2 is a straight or branched chain hydrocarbon radical having 1-22 carbon atoms. x is 0-5 y is 0-10 The composition encapsulated within the microcapsule can vary with respect to the proportion of fragrance or ester. For example, the microcapsule can contain from 1-99% fragrance or from 1-99% ester. Obviously the greater the concentration of the ester the greater the potentially soothing effects of the antiperspirant/deodorant containing the microcapsule. Suitable fragrance oils vary widely and may be selected based upon preference. Esters of the above formula which are particularly suitable are methyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, ethyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, isopropyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, butyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, isobutyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, octyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, ethylhexyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, isocetyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, isodecyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, octyldodecyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, isostearyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, amyl oleoyl oxyvalerate, methyl oleoyl oxystearate, ethyl oleoyl oxystearate, ethyl linoleoyl oxystearate, propyl oleoyl oxystearate, propyl linoleoyl oxystearate, butyl linolenoyl oxystearate, isopropyl linoleoyl oxystearate, isopropyl oleoyl oxystearate, isopropyl linolenoyl oxystearate, butyl oleoyl oxystearate, butyl linoleoyl oxystearate, isobutyl oleoyl oxystearate, isobutyl linoleoyl oxystearate, isocetyl linoleoyl stearate, isostearyl oleoyl oxystearate, isostearyl linoleoyl oxystearate, octyl linolenoyl oxystearate, isodecyl linoleoyl oxystearate, isodecyl oleoyl oxystearate, isodecyl linolenoyl oxystearate, amyl oleoyl oxystearate, amyl linoleoyl oxystearate, octyldodecyl oleoyl oxystearate, octyldodecyl linoleoyl oxystearate, etc. These compounds are set forth in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,867,965, 4,567,037, and 4,639,369, which are hereby incorporated by reference. These esters provide beneficial emollient effects which counteract the potentially irritating effects of antiperspirant salts. Their inclusion in a microcapsule enhances their useful life, so that they are not immediately washed away by perspiration. The microcapsules may be made by methods well known in the art. Microcapsules or encapsulates are generally made by coacervation or spray drying. The coacervation process first involves the formation of a liquid of three immiscible phases: a core material phase which comprises the materials which are to be encapsulated (in this case the fragrance oil/ester phase), a solution (generally aqueous), and a coating material phase which comprises the materials from which the microcapsule is to be made. The core material phase is emulsified in the solution and the coating material phase. The coating material phase is deposited around the droplets of core material phase and the coating is rigidized to form self-sustaining particles of a size which varies from 5 to 5000 microns. The core material may be broken out of the microcapsule by breaking the outer wall by pressure, melting, external force, decomposition, dissolving, or diffusion of the core material through the wall. Microcapsules may also be made by the spray drying process. In spray drying, first an emulsion of the liquid core material and an aqueous solution of the coating material phase is made. The emulsion is then broken up into droplets of the desired size by spraying the emulsion from a nozzle or other similar apparatus. The moisture is removed from the droplets in a dry atmosphere such as a drying oven, and the coating material is solidified around the core material to form solid microcapsules. The microencapsulation methods of U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,971,853, 3,091,577, 3,565,559, and Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology, Third Edition, Vol. 15, pages 470-493 (1981) which are hereby incorporated by reference, illustrate encapsulation methods which are suitable for use with the invention. Also, encapsulation methods which are multilayer systems incorporating thousands of individual droplets of core materials such as those manufactured by Encapsulation Technologies, Inc. are suitable. The encapsulation of esters either alone or in combination with other suitable materials may occur within a water-soluble or swellable matrix, said matrix being dispersed in the continuous phase of the product. The matrix forms a barrier to the extraction of a substantial portion of the ester into the continuous phase of the product during the manufacture and shelf life of the product, matrix providing for the release of the ester upon contact with moisture periodically present in the axillary region during use of the product. Also, sponge systems which act by entrapping core materials are suitable, such as those manufactured by Dow Corning under the trademark Polytrap. It is preferred that the coating material be starches, polysaccharides or mixtures thereof. Generally a coating material of this composition provides the most desireable time release properties when used with the antiperspirant/deodorant of the invention. Also, it is important that the coating material be of a composition that is compatible with the antiperspirant/deodorant formulation. Otherwise the microcapsule will be dissolved by the ingredients of the formulation prior to the purchase and use of the product by the consumer. Generally coating materials of a starch/polysaccharide constituency have excellent compatibility with antiperspirant/deodorant formulations. Most preferred is a coating material comprising 10-30% modified food starch, 69-90% of three or more animal or vegetable disaccharides or polysaccharides. It may be desired to add small amounts of other constituents such as flow agents, system stabilizers and so forth. The microcapsule containing the fragrance/ester is made by spray drying the emulsion and drying the droplets in drying oven. The resulting microcapsules are suitable for use with the antiperspirant/deodorant of the invention. As mentioned previously, the spray drying or coacervation process can yield microcapsules of 5-5000 microns. Preferably the microcapsules of the invention are of a smaller diameter, namely 10-50 microns, for maximal effectiveness. Preferably the microcapsules are incorporated into a solid or roll on type antiperspirant/deodorant. A cosmetically effective amount of the microcapsule ranges from 0.01-10%, or more preferably 0.5-1.0%. Although it is possible to add more or less of the microcapsule to the antiperspirant/deodorant formulation, it may not be practical to do so. For example, a large percentage of microcapsules provides a antiperspirant which is expensive to make and difficulties may be encountered in suspending the microcapsules. One of the preferred embodiments is a solid stick antiperspirant comprising 0.05-5.0% microcapsules, 12-30% waxes, 10-70% silicone and 10-30% antiperspirant salts. The formulation may optionally contain one or more of a suspending agent, a whitening agent, an absorbant, a wetting agent, a preservative or mixtures thereof. Suitable silicones include polydimethylsiloxane, phenyl dimethicone, dimethicone, cyclomethicone, hexamethylsiloxane, amodimethicone, trimethylsiloxysilicate, stearoxytrimethylsiloxysilicate, cetyl dimethicone copolyol, and so on. The silicone components provides a pleasant layer on the skin which enhances feel. Suitable antiperspirant salts include aluminum bromohydrate, aluminum chlorohydrates, aluminum chloride, aluminum zirconium chlorohydrates, aluminum sulfates, potassium alum, or sodium aluminum chlorohydroxy lactate. A wide variety of waxes may be used, their function to form a base or stick structure. Many sticks have a main wax component which is the basic stick former and one or more subordinate waxes which assist in maintaining stick structure. The alcohol waxes which are solids such as stearyl alcohol, myristal alcohol, cetyl alcohol, or tridecyl alcohols, serve as excellent main wax components. Other waxes and/or other ingredients such as beeswax, carnauba, ceresin, microcrystalline, lanolin, paraffin, ozokerite, lanolin alcohol, hydrogenated lanolin, candelilla, cocoa butter, petrolatum, shellac wax, hydrogenated castor oil, spermaceti, bran wax, capok wax, or bayberry wax, may be used as subordinate waxes. In the preferred embodiment it is desireable to include one or more of a suspending agent, a whitening agent, a preservative, an absorbant, or a wetting agent. A suspending agent aids in the suspension of the microcapsules and the antiperspirant salts in the composition as it is being poured or molded. Suitable suspending agents include silica, magnesium silicate, aluminum silicate, veegum, kaolin, clays such as quaternium 18 hectorite, etc. If a suspending agent is added, generally 0.025-10% is suggested. A whitening agent provides a more commercially pleasant whiteness to the stick. Suitable whitening agents include such colorants as titanium dioxide, talc, mica, silicates, zinc oxide, etc. If a whitening agent is include generally 0.1-3.0% is suggested. It may be desireable to add preservatives to the final commercial formulation to protect against degradation of the product if it happens to have a longer than usual shelf life. Suitable preservatives include those commonly used in cosmetics, such as the parabens (methyl, ethyl, propyl, butyl, etc.), imidazolidinyl urea, quaternium-15, benzyl alcohol, phenoxyethanol, to name only a few. If a preservative is added, generally 0.01-0.60% is suggested. It may also be desired to add an absorbant to the formulation. An absorbant acts to absorb grease and oil, thereby enhancing the beneficial effects of the composition. Suitable absorbants include talc, or other powder type constituents such as mica, starch, silicates, clays, zinc oxide, aluminum hydroxide and so on. If an absorbant is added 0.5-8% is generally suggested. A wetting agent or emulsifier is desireable. Its function is to cause the underarm sweat to easily form a contact with the antiperspirant salts which are embedded in the antiperspirant/deodorant stick. A wide variety of emulsifiers are suitable including PEG 8 distearate, PEG caprylate, PEG (5-15) Cocoate, PEG (4-150) dilaurate, PEG 2 dioctanoate, PEG (4-150) dioleate, PEG 3 dipalmitate, PEG(2-175) distearate, PEG (8-12) ditallate, PEG (6-12) distearate, glycols, and so on. The numbers in parentheses indicate the number of ethylene glycol units i.e. PEG 8 distearate is polyethylene glycol distearate with 8 ethylene glycol units. The range in parentheses indicates the range of ethylene glycol units. One preferred embodiment of the invention where microcapsulates are incorporated into a solid antiperspirant/deodorant is an antiperspirant/deodorant comprising: 10-70% dimethicone (silicone) 0.1-3.0% titanium dioxide/talc (whitening agent) 0.025-10% silica (suspending agent) 0.5-3% talc (absorbant) 12-30% stearyl alcohol (main wax component) 0.5-4% hydrogenated castor oil (subordinate wax) 0.01-0.10 propyl paraben (preservative) 10-30% aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly (antiperspirant salt). A second preferred embodiment of the invention is where the microcapsules are incorporated into a roll-on antiperspirant deodorant. Roll-ons are generally liquid and comprise a vehicle into which the antiperspirant salts and other constituents are incorporated. In the preferred embodiment of the invention the roll-on comprises 10-80% silicone, 10-30% antiperspirant salts, and 0.1-5% microcapsules. Suitable silicones and antiperspirant salts are as mentioned above. Preferably the roll-on comprises a number of nonessential but desireable constituents such as drying enhancers, preservatives, suspending agents and so on. A drying enhancer is a material which enables the roll on to dry more quickly. Generally an alcohol is suitable as a drying enhancer, and a C.sub.1-3 alcohol such as isopropyl alcohol, ethanol, SD alcohol 40-B, or any SD alcohol is suitable. If the alcohol is included in the composition a range of 1-10% is suggested. Suitable preservatives are those mentioned previously. If a preservative is included in the composition, a range of 0.0.1-0.6% is preferred. A suspending agent aids in the suspension of the microcapsules and antiperspirant salts. Suitable suspension agents are as mentioned above. A range of 1-5% is suggested. The preferred roll on composition comprises: 0.01-10% microcapsules 10-30% aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly (antiperspirant salts) 10-70% cyclomethicone (silicone) 1-10% dimethicone (silicone) 1-10% SD alcohol 40-B (drying enhancer or alcohol) 1-5% silica (suspending agent) 0.001-5.0% quaternium 18 hectorite (suspending agent) The above antiperspirant/deodorant formulations provide excellent antiperspirant activity. The presence of the microcapsules containing the specific esters provide time release of a skin soothing component which acts to counteract the harsh effects of antiperspirant salts in sensitive individuals. The invention will be further described in connection with the following examples which are set forth for the purposes of illustration only. EXAMPLE 1 A solid antiperspirant/deodorant was prepared as follows: ______________________________________ w/w % ______________________________________ Cyclomethicone 53.62 Titanium dioxide/talc 0.250 Silica 0.250 Talc 1.000 Stearyl alcohol 18.000 Hydrogenated castor oil 5.000 PEG-8 Distearate 0.050 Propyl paraben 0.050 Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly 20.000 Optimax microcapsules* 0.830 100.00 ______________________________________ *The microcapsules were obtained from Encapsulation The composition within the microcapsule comprised approximately 95% fragrance and 5% isopropyl linoleoyl stearate. The coating material of the microcapsule was approximately 10-30% food starch, and 69-90% of three or more animal or vegetable origin disaccharides and polysaccharides. The microcapsule was made as follows: In a suitable steam-jacketed vessel, 18 parts of polysaccharide and 2 parts disaccharide in 50 parts deionized water as dispersed. The polysaccharide content may comprise a single polysaccharide or mixture of two or more polysaccharides. The polysaccharide should possess emulsifiying properties either inherently or by reason of the presence of a minor proportion of a suitable emulsifying agent. The mixture was heated to 140.degree. F. and the components dissolved thoroughly. Thirty parts of a mixture of suitable fragrance oil and "ester" were dispersed thoroughly, then homogenized to achieve a dispersed phase of the fragrance oil/ester with a mean droplet size of 0.5 microns or less while maintaining the mixture at 120.degree. F. to 130.degree. F. While maintaining continued agitation, the resulting homogeneous mixture was fed into a suitable spray dryer with an inlet air temperature of 400.degree. F. and an outlet air temperature of 220.degree. F., using high speed rotary atomization, such that the resulting, dried particles had a mean particle size of appx. 20 microns and a residual moisture content of greater than or equal to 3%. The resulting powder was optionally screened to ensure a maximum particle size of greater than or equal to 100 microns. EXAMPLE 2 A solid antiperspirant/deodorant was made as follows: ______________________________________ w/w % ______________________________________ Cyclomethicone 53.12 Titanium dioxide/talc 0.250 Silica 0.250 Talc 1.000 Stearyl alcohol 18.000 Hydrogenated castor oil 5.000 PEG-8 distearate 1.000 Propyl paraben 0.050 Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex glyl 20.000 Fragrance 0.500 Optimax microcapsules* 0.830 100.00 ______________________________________ *Encapsulated Technologies Inc., Nyack, New York. EXAMPLE 3 A roll on antiperspirant/deodorant was formulated as follows: ______________________________________ w/w % ______________________________________ Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly 20.0000 Cyclomethicone 68.1699 Dimethicone 5.0000 SD alcohol 40-B 3.0000 Fragrance 0.5000 Silica 2.5000 Quaternium 18 hectorite 0.0001 Optimax microcapsules* 0.8300 100.0000 ______________________________________ *Encapsulated Technologies, Inc., Nyack, New York. While the invention has been described in connection with the preferred embodiment, it is not intended to limit the scope of the invention to the particular form set forth, but, on the contrary, it is intended to cover such alternatives, modifications, and equivalents as may be included within the spirit and scope of the invention as defined by the appended claims. TECHNICAL FIELD The invention is directed to an antiperspirant/deodorant composition containing microcapsules. The microcapsules encapsulate a composition comprised of fragrance oil and esters. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Deodorants are preparations which have antimicrobial activity and which mask, remove, or decrease perspiration odor. Antiperspirants are substances which have astringent action and inhibit the flow of perspiration. Salts of metals such as aluminum, zirconium, zinc, etc. have astringent properties and are often used in antiperspirants. Most of the antiperspirant salts which show good astringency properties have a low pH (2.5 to 4.2), which in turn makes them potentially irritating to skin in susceptible individuals. Antiperspirant/deodorant manufacturers often counteract the potentially irritating effects of low PH antiperspirant salts by including soothing materials such as emollients in the formulation. However, as the user sweats the emollients are washed away in a short time thus their soothing effects do not last as long as desired. Microencapsulation technology is well known in the art and is generally directed to encapsulating core materials that require protection until time of use in a protective covering. More recently microcapsules have been developed which are "time release". Time release microcapsules release their core materials at a controlled rate. The result is that the core material has a longer effective life since it is not immediately released from the protective microcapsule. The benefits of controlled release are obvious. For example, when pharmaceuticals are in the controlled release format, it generally allows the user to ingest or apply one long acting dose of drug instead of being obliged to ingest many small doses throughout a time period. The encapsulation of fragrances is well known in the art. Fragrance capsules are often found in scratch and sniff inserts in magazines, in perfumes, deodorants, and a host of other applications. In the case of antiperspirants the desireability of microcapsules containing a soothing emollient is obvious. Timed release of the emollient from the microcapsule will allow its beneficial effects to have a longer effective life. This will in turn potentially counteract the irritating effects of antiperspirant salts in sensitive individuals. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The invention is directed to an antiperspirant/deodorant composition containing a cosmetically effective amount of microcapsules which encapsulate a composition comprising fragrance oil and a diester of the formula: CH.sub.3 (CH.sub.2).sub.x CH(OCOR.sub.1)(CH.sub.2).sub.y COOR.sub.2 wherein R.sub.1 is a hydrocarbon radical having 17 carbon atoms with 0-3 double bond therein. R.sub.2 is a straight or branched chain hydrocarbon radical having 1-22 carbon atoms. x is 0-5 y is 0-10 </SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. An antiperspirant/deodorant composition containing 0.01-10% microcapsules wherein the microcapsule wall comprises 1-30% food starch and 69-90% of a mixture of three or more disaccharides or polysaccharides, which microcapsule encapsulates a composition comprised of fragrance oil and an ester of the formula: CH.sub.3 (CH.sub.2).sub.x CH(OCOR.sub.1)(CH.sub.2).sub.Y COOR.sub.2 wherein R.sub.1 is a hydrocarbon radical having 17 carbon atoms with 0-3 double bonds therein; R.sub.2 is a straight or branched chain hydrocarbon radical having 1-22 carbon atoms; x is 0-5 y is 0-10 1- 30% of a wax selected from the group consisting of stearyl alcohol, myristal alcohol, cetyl alcohol, tridecyl alcohol, beeswax, carnauba, ceresin, microcrystalline, lanolin, paraffin, ozokerite, lanolin alcohol, hydrogenated lanolin, candelilla, cocoa butter, petrolatum, shellac wax, hydrogenated castor oil, spermaceti, bran wax, capok wax, bayberry wax, or mixtures thereof, 10-80% silicone, and 10-30% of an antiperspirant salt selected from the group consisting of aluminum bromohydrate, aluminum chlorohydrates, aluminum chloride, aluminum zirconium chlorohydrates, aluminum sulfates, potassium alum, sodium aluminum chlorohydroxy lactate, or mixtures thereof. 2. 2. The composition of claim 1 further comprising an ingredient selected from the group consisting of a whitening agent, a suspending agent, an oil absorbing agent selected from the group consisting of talc, mica, starch, silicates, clay, zinc oxide, aluminum hydroxide, or mixtures thereof, a wetting agent, a preservative, or mixtures thereof. 3. 3. The composition of claim 2 comprising 0.1-3.0% whitening agent, 0.025-10% suspending agent, 0.5-3% absorbant, 0.5-5% wetting agent, 0.01-0.60% preservative or mixtures thereof. 4. 4. The composition of claim 5 wherein the whitening agent is titanium dioxide. 5. 5. The composition of claim 6 wherein the suspending agent is silica or Quaternium 15 Hectorite, or mixtures thereof. 6. 6. The composition of claim 7 wherein the absorbant is talc. 7. 7. The composition of claim 8 wherein the wetting agent is PEG 8 Distearate. 8. 8. The composition of claim 6 wherein the preservative is propyl paraben. 9. 9. An antiperspirant/deodorant composition comprising: 0.01-10% microcapsules wherein the microcapsule wall comprises 1-30% food starch and 69-90% of a mixture of three or more disaccharides or polysaccharides, which microcapsule encapsulates a composition comprised of fragrance oil and an ester of the formula: CH.sub.3 (CH.sub.2).sub.x CH(OCOR.sub.1)(CH.sub.2).sub.Y COOR.sub.2 wherein R.sub.1 is a hydrocarbon radical having 17 carbon atoms with 0-3 double bonds therein, R.sub.2 is a straight or branched chain hydrocarbon radical having 1-22 carbon atoms, x is 0-5 y is 0-10 10-80% silicone, 10-30% of an antiperspirant salt selected from the group consisting of aluminum bromohydrate, aluminum chlorohydrates, aluminum chloride, aluminum zirconium chlorohydrates, aluminum sulfates, potassium alum, sodium aluminum chlorohydroxy lactate, or mixtures thereof. 10. 10. The composition of claim 9 further comprising an ingredient selected from the group consisting of a drying enhancer, a preservative, a suspending agent, or mixtures thereof. 11. 11. The composition of claim 10 comprising 1-10% alcohol, 0.01-0.60% preservative, 1.0-5% suspending agent or mixtures thereof. 12. 12. The composition of claim 11 wherein the alcohol is a C.sub.1 -C.sub.3 organic alcohol. 13. 13. The composition of claim 12 wherein the suspending agent is silica, clay, or quaternium 18 hectorite. 14. 14. The composition of claim 13 comprising: 10-30% aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly 10-80% cyclomethicone 1-10% SD alcohol 40-B - 5% silica 0.001-5.0 quaternium 18 hectorite 0.01-5% microcapsules. 15. 15. The composition of claim 7 comprising 10-80% silicone 0.1-3.0% titanium dioxide/talc 0.025-2% silica 0.5-3% talc 12-30% stearyl alcohol 0.5-4% hydrogenated castor oil 0.5-5% PEG 8 Distearate 0.01-0.60% propyl paraben 10-30% aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176904</DOCNO><APP-NO>693496</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910430</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176904</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K  7/035</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 69</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>1-45796	19890227	JP	1-131989	19890525	JP	1-249412	19890926	JP</PRIORITY><CITATION>4603047/19860700	4804533/19890200	4874883/19891000</CITATION><INVENTOR>Omatsu; Shinichiro<tab>Masuda; Mitsuharu<tab>Ito; Hiroshi<tab>Imamura; Takashi<tab>Kurosaki; Tomihiro</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Kao Corporation</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate, particles thereof, process for preparing the same, and cosmetic containing the same</TITLE><ABST>An alkali metal monoalkylphosphate having a saturated or unsaturated straight-chain or branched hydrocarbon group having from 8 to 32 carbon atoms is described; also described is a process for preparing particles of said alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate and cosmetics containing said particles.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION The present invention is described in more detail below. The alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphates of the present invention are generally called alkali metal zinc phosphates having a saturated or unsaturated straight-chain or branched hydrocarbon group having from 8 to 32 carbon atoms. Examples of the saturated or unsaturated straight-chain or branched hydrocarbon group having from 8 to 32 carbon atoms include octyl, nonyl, decyl, dodecyl, undecyl, tridecyl, tetradecyl, pentadecyl, hexadecyl, heptadecyl, octadecyl, nonadecyl, eicosyl, heneicosyl, docosyl, tricosyl, tetracosyl, pentacosyl, hexacosyl, heptacosyl, octacosyl, nonacosyl, triacontyl, hentriacontyl and dotriacontyl groups. Among them, saturated straight-chain hydrocarbon groups having 12 to 18 carbon atoms are preferred from the viewpoints of performances as lubricant and as cosmetic powder with regard to the shape and size of the particles of alkyl metal zinc monoalkylphosphates. Examples of alkali metals serving as counter ions include lithium, potassium and sodium. The preferred molar ratio of atoms in the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate of the present invention is zinc/alkali metal/phosphorus is 0.8-1.2/0.8-1.2/2. The preferred principal component of the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate can be represented by formula (I): ##STR1## wherein R represents a saturated or unsaturated straight-chain or branched hydrocarbon group having 8 to 32 carbon atoms, and A represents an alkali metal. It is preferred that the particles of the alkali metal zinc phosphate of the present invention are predominantly composed of platy crystal particles. The terminology "platy crystal particles" as used herein is general terminology which refers to square plate form, oblong plate form, elliptical plate form, disk form, hexagonal plate form, rhombic plate form, etc. With regard to the size of the platy crystal particles, it is preferred that the particles meet the following requirements when observed by scanning type electron microscope: (i) the plate length is 1 to 50 .mu.m, (ii) the plate length/the plate thickness (plate ratio) is not lower than 2, and (iii) the maximum plate length/the minimum plate length (plate length ratio) is not higher than 10. The terminology "plate length" as used herein refers to a length of a side of plate in cases of square plate form, hexagonal plate form and rhombic plate form; a length of the shorter side of plate in case of oblong plate form; a length of the shorter diameter of plate in case of elliptical plate form; and a length of the diameter of plate in case of disk plate form. The terminology "maximum plate length" as used herein refers to a length of the longer side of plate in case of oblong plate form; a length of the longest diagonal of plate in cases of hexagonal plate form and rhombic plate form; a length of the longer diameter of plate in case of elliptical plate form; and the terminology "minimum plate length" refers to a length of the shorter side of plate in case of the oblong plate form; a length of the shortest diagonal of plate in cases of hexagonal plate form and rhombic plate form; and a length of the shorter diameter of plate in case of elliptical plate form. It is preferred that the particles of the alkali metal zinc alkylphosphate of the present invention are composed of at least 60% (in terms of the number) of the above-described platy crystal particles. When the number of the particles meeting the above-described requirements is less than 60%, there is a difficulty in obtaining cosmetics having preferred performance properties. The measurement of the number of the platy crystal particles is made by using scanning type electron microscope in the following manner. Only the number of particles having an independent shape is counted. Particles having indefinite circumference are not counted as one particle. Further, mere recesses and protrusions on the surfaces of particles or mere patterns on the surfaces thereof are not counted as one particle. The alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles can be prepared by reacting an alkali metal salt of a monoalkylphosphoric acid represented by formula (II), said alkali metal salt having a degree of neutralization of from 0.8 to 1.2, ##STR2## wherein R represents a saturated or unsaturated straight-chain or branched hydrocarbon group having from 8 to 32 carbon atoms, with a zinc salt represented by formula (III) X.sub.m Y.sub.n (III) wherein X represents zinc, Y represents an inorganic anion or an organic acid anion, and m and n each represent an integer determined by the valence requirements of Y and X, respectively, by a salt exchange, and then adjusting the pH of the reaction system to the range of from 2 to 6. The terminology "a degree of neutralization" as used herein refers to such definitions that the degree is referred to as 0.0 when the monoalkylphosphoric acid is not neutralized, the degree is referred to as 1.0 when neutralized with an alkali metal salt to the first equivalent point, and the degree is referred to as 2.0 when neutralized with an alkali metal salt to the second equivalence point. The alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II.) in the present invention generally has a degree of neutralization of from 0.8 to 1.2, and preferably from 0.9 to 1.1. The alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II) which is used as a starting material in the present invention can be obtained by neutralizing a monoalkylphosphoric acid with an alkali metal hydroxide or by making a cation exchange thereof with a dialkali metal salt by using an ion exchange resin or an acid. The purity of the monoalkylphosphoric acid used as a starting material in the production of the alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid has an effect on the crystal form of the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphates. The performance thereof as a lubricant is greatly affected by the purity. Hence, it is preferred that the monoalkylphosphoric acid has a purity of not lower than 80% by weight, and particularly preferably is not lower than 95% by weight. In formula (III), Y is an inorganic anion or an organic acid anion. Examples thereof include inorganic anions such as halides, SO.sup.2-.sub.4, NO.sup.-.sub.3, CO.sup.2-.sub.3, PO.sup.3-.sub.4 and OH.sup.-, and organic acid anions such as acetate, propionate, and citrate. Among them, inorganic anions such as halides, SO.sup.2-.sub.4, PO.sup.3-.sub.4, NO.sup.-.sub.3 and CO.sup.2-.sub.3 are preferred, and water-soluble Zn salts such as ZnSO.sub.4 and ZnCl.sub.2 are particularly preferred. It is preferred that an alkali metal salt of a monoalkylphosphoric acid (II) is reacted with a zinc salt (III) in a reaction medium consisting of water or a mixed solvent of water and a water-soluble organic solvent, at a temperature at which the alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II) is completely dissolved. Examples of the water-soluble organic solvent include acetone, methanol, ethanol, isopropyl alcohol, n-propyl alcohol, n-butyl alcohol, sec-butyl alcohol, t-butyl alcohol, ethylene glycol, diethylene glycol, acetonitrile, tetrahydrofuran, dioxane, dimethylformamide (DMF), and dimethyl sulfoxide(DMSO). These compounds may be used either alone or as a mixture of two or more thereof. Among them, preferred are acetone, methanol, ethanol, isopropyl alcohol, and n-propyl alcohol. Water alone may be used as the solvent for the reaction. Alternatively, a mixed solvent of water and one or more water-soluble organic solvents may be used. Particularly, a mixed solvent of water and one or more members of the water-soluble solvents such as acetone, methanol, ethanol, isopropyl alcohol, and n-propyl alcohol is preferred. Water may be mixed with the water-soluble organic solvent by any of conventional methods. If desired, water-insoluble organic solvents which do not have an adverse effect may be added to the mixed solvent of water and the water-soluble organic solvent. The solvent for reaction may be formed by any of conventional methods without particular limitation. There is no limitation with regard to the concentration of the alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II) in the solvent. However, there is a possibility that the particle size of the resulting alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate may be affected by the concentration. Namely, there is a tendency to reduce the average particle diameter of the resulting alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate with an increase in the concentration of the alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II). It is preferred from the viewpoint of performance as a lubricant that the plate diameter of the particles is from 1 to 50 .mu.m. Hence, the concentration of the alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II) is preferably not higher than 70% by weight. The zinc salt of the formula (III) is used in a molar ratio of at least 0.4 moles, and preferably 0.4 to 0.6 moles of zinc salt per mole of the alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II) The zinc salt (III) may be used in the form of an aqueous solution or a solid as much. When the zinc salt in the form of an aqueous solution is used, it is preferred from the viewpoint of production efficiency that the concentration of the zinc salt (III) is high. There is no particular limitation with regard to the reaction temperature. The reaction may be carried out at a temperature at which the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II) is completely dissolved. A temperature of not lower than 70.degree. C. is particularly preferred. When the zinc salt (III) is added to the alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II), the pH of the reaction mixture is lower than 2 and often lower than 1.5 at 70 to 80.degree. C. when the concentration of the monoalkylphosphoric acid is 10% by weight or higher, though the pH varies depending on the concentration of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II) and the temperature. Hereinafter, the pH is a value measured at 70 to 80.degree. C. The pH electrode used in the present invention is one whose guarantee temperature is 90.degree. C. (IWAKI GLASS, pH combination electrode, CODE IW050-BNC. LOT NO. 830027). When the pH is lower then 2, the resulting particles of the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate are a mixture of needle form and plate form, and the amount of the needle crystal is larger than that of the plate crystal in many cases. Therefore, the performance of the particles is poor as a lubricant. Namely, it is considered that the form of particles and the performance thereof as lubricant are affected by lowering in the pH of the reaction system. Hence, it is necessary to adjust the pH by using an alkaline compound. When the pH exceeds 6 in the adjustment of the pH of the reaction system, the particles of the resulting alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate becomes amorphous and the performance thereof as a lubricant is greatly lowered. Therefore, it is necessary to adjust the pH of the reaction system to from 2 to 6, and preferably from 3 to 5, to obtain the particles of the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate in the form of platy crystals and to impart the desired performance as lubricants thereto. The adjustment of the pH value can be controlled by the amount of the alkaline compound to be added. The alkaline compound used for the pH adjustment is generally used in an amount of from 0.3 to 0.7 equivalents, and preferably from 0.45 to 0.55 equivalents, based on the amount of the alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II). Examples of the alkaline compound include alkali metal hydroxides. Sodium hydroxide and potassium hydroxide are particularly preferred. There is no particular limitation with regard to the adjustment of the pH value of the reaction mixture. For example, the pH adjustment may be carried out after the introduction of the zinc salt (III). Alternatively, the pH may be adjusted while the zinc salt (III) is introduced, to thereby keep the pH constant. More specifically, pH can be adjusted, for example, by a method wherein the zinc salt (III) is added to the alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II) to effect the reaction while adjusting the pH in order with the alkali metal hydroxide or a method wherein the pH is adjusted with the alkali metal hydroxide after the entire amount of the zinc salt (III) is added to the alkali metal salt of the monoalkylphosphoric acid (II). After the termination of the reaction, the reaction mixture is cooled and the product is recovered by filtration, washed with water and dried to obtain the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles which are predominantly composed of the above-described platy crystal particles and have excellent performance as lubricant. The cosmetics of the present invention may contain conventional cosmetic powder in addition to the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles as base component. Further, oil, surfactant, wetting agent, water, alcohol, antiseptic, ultraviolet ray absorber, antioxidant, perfume, etc., may be optionally blended. Any of conventional cosmetic powders can be used. Examples thereof include inorganic extender pigments such as talc, kaolin, sericite and mica; inorganic coloring materials such as titanium oxide, zinc oxide, ultramarine, chromium oxide and iron oxide; organic coloring materials such as organic tar dyes and lake; composite pigments such as micaceous titanium and iron oxide-coated mica; and coated powders obtained by coating the surfaces of these cosmetic powders with conventional coating agents such as silicone, higher fatty acids, higher alcohols, esters and wax. These powders may be used either alone or as a mixture of two or more of them. Among these cosmetic powders, inorganic powders such as talc, kaolin, sericite, mica, titanium oxide, iron oxide, micaceous titanium and iron oxide-coated mica are particularly preferred when they are used for cosmetics, such as cosmetics for make-up and cosmetics for the body. Examples of oils used as an optional component include liquid paraffin, vaseline, paraffin wax, polyethylene wax, squalane, ceresine wax, beeswax, carnauba wax, candelilla wax, hardened castor oil, olive oil, lanolin, lanolin alcohol, lanolin fatty acid, higher alcohols, fatty acids, synthetic ester oils of higher alcohols with fatty acids and silicone. Example of the surfactant include polyoxyethylene alkyl ethers, polyoxyethylene fatty acid esters, polyoxyethylene sorbitan fatty acid esters, sorbitan fatty acid esters, glycerin fatty acid esters, polyoxyethylene hardened castor oil and polyoxyethylene sorbitol fatty acid esters. Examples of the wetting agent include sorbitol, glycerin, propylene glycol, 1,3-butylene glycol, lactic acid, sodium lactate and polyethylene glycol. Examples of the antiseptic include alkyl esters of p-hydroxybenzoic acid, sodium benzoate, potassium sorbate and phenoxyethanol. Examples of the antioxidant include tocopherol, sesamol, sesamolin and lecithin. There is no particular limitation with regard to the form of the cosmetics of the present invention. The cosmetics of the present invention may be in any form of powder cosmetic, oil cosmetic, emulsion cosmetic, dispersion cosmetic, etc. For example, the cosmetics of the present invention can be formulated into foundation; cosmetics for make-up such as cheek rouge, eye shadow, eye brow, and face powder; and cosmetics for the body, such as body powder and baby powder. The alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles of the present invention are used in an amount of preferably from 0.1 to 99% (by weight; percent values below are also by weight, unless otherwise indicated) based the amount of the total composition. Particularly, in the case of pressed powder cosmetic, the amount of the particles is preferably from 0.1 to 50%. When the amount is less than the above lower limit, an effect of using said zinc salt particles can not be obtained, while when the amount is more than the above upper limit, there is a possibility that hard caking is caused on the surface of press-molded cosmetic when said surface is rubbed with a cosmetic puff many times. The cosmetic powder and optional components are used in an amount of, preferably, from 1 to 99.9% based on the amount of, the total composition. When pressed powder cosmetics are to be formulated, they are used in an amount of, preferably, from 70 to 99.9%, The amounts of the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles, the cosmetic powder and optional components to be blended vary depending on the type of the cosmetic. However, when face powders as make-up cosmetic and foundation are to be formulated, from 10 to 50% of the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles, from 20 to 80% of the inorganic extender pigment such as talc or sericite, from 1 to 20% of wax and oil as binders and appropriate amounts of the coloring material and perfume are blended, whereby there can be obtained cosmetics which are pleasant to the touch (such as with respect to slipperiness), adhere well to the skin and are long-lasting make-up. In the case of cosmetics for the body such as body powder, from 20 to 80% of the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles, from 20 to 80% of the inorganic extender pigment such as talc or sericite, from 0 to 10% of oil and an appropriate amount of perfume are blended, whereby there can be obtained cosmetics which are also pleasant to the touch. Accordingly to the process of the present invention, there can be prepared the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate Particles which are mainly composed of platy crystal particles, scarcely form agglomerates and are excellent in performance characteristics such as smoothness, transparent appearance, etc., relating to use as a lubricant. Therefore, the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles of the present invention have excellent performance as base material for cosmetics in particular, and are suitable for use in formulating pressed face powder, powder foundation, eye shadow, etc. The particles can be used as a lubricant for another field of use by utilizing an effect of improving slipperiness in addition to cosmetics. For example, the alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particle of the present invention can be used as the lubricant for mold-processing of plastic resin. More specifically, by using the particle in processing of polyvinyl chloride resin, fluidizability of the resin is improved and thereby sticking or adhesion of the resin to processing machine or processing equipment can be reduced. Therefore, undesirable elevation of temperature of the resin during the processing, which would causes residence or decomposition of the resin can be prevented, and thus, the mold-processing of the resin become easy. The thus-obtained cosmetics of the present invention have such very excellent properties that they are very excellent in safety, smoothness, transparent appearance, adhesion and water repellency, impart wetness to the skin while spreading on the skin, are not bulky to the feel on coating and repel well water, whereas such excellent properties can not be obtained by conventional cosmetics. The following examples and comparative examples are provided to illustrate the present invention, but are not to be construed as limiting the invention in any way. EXAMPLE 1 50 g of monocetylphosphoric acid and 100 g of ethanol were put into a 500 ml separation flask (hereinafter referred to as "reaction vessel"). Further, a solution of 6.29 g of 96% sodium hydroxide (purity was taken into consideration by calculating it from the degree of neutralization determined by titration) dissolved in 200 g of ion-exchanged water was added thereto. After the temperature was elevated to 80.degree. C., it was confirmed that they were clearly dissolved. The resulting solution was continuously stirred for 30 minutes. A solution of 22.3 g of zinc sulfate heptahydrate dissolved in 100 g of ion-exchanged water was added dropwise thereto to carry out a salt exchange reaction. After the completion of the dropwise addition, the mixture was stirred for 30 minutes. 8.70 g of an aqueous solution of 33.33% sodium hydroxide was then added dropwise thereto, to thereby adjust the pH of the reaction mixture to 3. Further, the mixture was stirred for one hour. After the completion of the reaction, the mixture was cooled and the product was recovered by filtration, washed with water and dried, to obtain 50.3 g of the particles of sodium zinc monocetylphosphate. The thus-obtained sodium zinc monocetylphosphate was inspected by a scanning electron microscope. It was found that the number of particles meeting the afore-mentioned requirements (i) to (iii) accounts for 95% of the entire particles. FIG. 1 is a scanning electron micrograph (scale: 10 .mu.m). The particles were subjected to elemental analysis and it was found that the particle was sodium zinc monocetyl phosphate having the empirical formula C.sub.32 H.sub.67 NaO.sub.8 P.sub.2 Zn. The results of the elemental analysis are indicated below. Elemental analysis: ______________________________________ C H Na P Zn ______________________________________ Calculated (%) 52.6 9.2 3.2 8.5 9.0 Found (%) 53.3 9.7 3.0 8.9 9.1 ______________________________________ Infrared absorption spectrum of the particle is shown in FIG. 3. Measuring device: Model 270-30 manufactured by Hitachi, Ltd. ______________________________________ Measuring method: Pelleted with potassium bromide ______________________________________ 2920 cm.sup.-1, 2848 cm.sup.-1 C--H stretching vibration 1470 cm.sup.-1 C--H deformation vibration 1197 cm.sup.-1, 1152 cm.sup.-1 P.dbd.O and C--O--P stretching 1089 cm.sup.-1, 1032 cm.sup.-1 vibration ______________________________________ EXAMPLE 2 50 g of monocetylphosphoric acid and 100 g of ethanol were placed in a 500 ml reaction vessel. Further, a solution of 6.29% of 96% sodium hydroxide (purity was taken into consideration by calculating it from the degree of neutralization determined by titration) dissolved in 200 g of ion-exchanged water was added thereto. After the temperature was elevated to 80.degree. C., it was confirmed that they were clearly dissolved. The solution was continuously stirred for 30 minutes. A solution of 22.3 g of zinc sulfate heptahydrate dissolved in 100 g of ion-exchanged water was added dropwise thereto to carry out a salt exchange reaction. After the completion of the dropwise addition, the mixture was stirred for 30 minutes. 9.30 g of an aqueous solution of 33.33% sodium hydroxide was added dropwise thereto, to thereby adjust the pH of the reaction mixture to 5. Further, the mixture was stirred for one hour. After the completion of the reaction, the reaction mixture was cooled and the product was recovered by filtration, washed with water and dried, to obtain 51.2 g of the particles of sodium zinc monocetylphosphate. The thus-obtained sodium zinc monocetylphosphate was examined by a scanning electron microscope and it was found that the number of particles meeting the afore-mentioned requirements (i) to (iii) accounted for 93% of the total number of particles. EXAMPLE 3 50 g of monooctylphosphoric acid and 100 g of ethanol were placed in a 500 ml reaction vessel. Further, a solution of 9.52 g of 96% sodium hydroxide (purity was taken into consideration by calculating it from the degree of neutralization determined by titration) dissolved in 200 g of ion-exchanged water was added thereto. After the temperature was elevated to 80.degree. C., it was confirmed that they were dissolved. The solution was continuously stirred for 30 minutes. A solution of 34.2 g of zinc sulfate heptahydrate dissolved in 100 g of ion-exchanged water was added dropwise thereto. After the completion of the addition, the mixture was stirred for 30 minutes. 14.26 g of an aqueous solution of 33.33% sodium hydroxide was added dropwise thereto, to thereby adjust the pH of the reaction mixture to 5. Further, the mixture was stirred for one hour. After the completion of the reaction, the reaction mixture was cooled, and the product was collected by filtration, washed with water and dried to obtain 49.6 g of the particles of sodium zinc monooctylphosphate. The thus-obtained sodium zinc monooctylphosphate was inspected by a scanning electron microscope and it was found that the ratio of particles meeting the afore-mentioned requirements (i) to (iii) was 95% (in terms of the number) of the total number of particles. EXAMPLE 4 50 g of monolaurylphosphoric acid and 100 g of ethanol were put into a 500 ml reaction vessel. Further, a solution of 7.83 g of 96% sodium hydroxide (purity was taken into consideration by calculating it from the degree of neutralization determined by titration) dissolved in 200 g of ion-exchanged water was added thereto. After the temperature was elevated to 80.degree. C., it was confirmed that they were dissolved. Further, the solution was continuously stirred for 30 minutes. A solution of 28.1 g of zinc sulfate heptahydrate dissolved in 100 g of ion-exchanged water was added dropwise thereto to carry out a salt exchange reaction. After the completion of the addition, the mixture was stirred for 30 minutes. 11.75 g cf an aqueous solution of 33.33% sodium hydroxide was added dropwise thereto to adjust the pH of the reaction mixture to 5. Further, the mixture was stirred for one hour. After the completion of the reaction, the reaction mixture was cooled and the product was recovered, washed with water and dried, to obtain 49.6 g of the particles of sodium zinc monolaurylphosphate. The thus-obtained sodium zinc monolaurylphosphate was inspected by a scanning electron microscope and it was found that the number of particles meeting the afore-mentioned requirements (i) to (iii) accounted for 92% of the total number of particles. EXAMPLE 5 50 g of monostearylphosphoric acid and 100 g of ethanol were put into a 500 ml reaction vessel. Further, a solution of 5.94 g of 96% sodium hydroxide (purity was taken into consideration by calculating it from the degree of neutralization determined by titration) dissolved in 200 g of ion-exchanged water was added thereto. After the temperature was elevated to 80.degree. C., it was confirmed that they were clearly dissolved. The solution was continuously stirred for 30 minutes. A solution of 21.4 g of zinc sulfate heptahydrate dissolved in 100 g of ion-exchanged water was added dropwise thereto to carry out a salt exchange reaction. After the completion of the addition, the mixture was stirred for 30 minutes. 8.85 g of an aqueous solution of 33.33% sodium hydroxide was added dropwise thereto to adjust the pH of the reaction mixture to 3. Further, the mixture was stirred for one hour. After the completion of the reaction, the mixture was cooled and the product was collected by filtration, washed with water and dried, to obtain 51.5 g of the particles of sodium zinc monostearylphosphate. The thus-obtained sodium zinc monostearylphosphate was inspected by a scanning electron microscope and it was found that the number of particles meeting the afore-mentioned requirements (i) to (iii) accounted for 93% of the total number of particles. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 1 50 g of monocetylphosphoric acid and 100 g of ethanol were put into a 500 ml reaction vessel. Further, a solution of 6.29 g of 96% sodium hydroxide (purity was taken into consideration by calculating it from the degree of neutralization determined by titration) dissolved in 200 g of ion-exchanged water was added thereto. After the temperature was elevated to 80.degree. C., it was confirmed that they were clearly dissolved. The solution was continuously stirred for 30 minutes. A solution of 22.3 g of zinc sulfate heptahydrate dissolved in 100 g of ion-exchanged water was added dropwise thereto to carry out a salt exchange reaction. After the completion of the addition, the mixture was stirred for 2 hours. The pH of the reaction mixture was 1.35 at the end of the reaction. The mixture was cooled and the product was collected by filtration, washed with water and dried, to obtain 51.4 g of the particles of zinc monocetylphosphate (zinc/sodium/phosphorus=0.88/0.49/2.00). The thus-obtained zinc monocetylphosphate was inspected by a scanning electron microscope, and it was confirmed that the product was a mixture of needle crystal and platy crystals The scanning electron micrograph is shown in FIG. 2 (scale: 10 .mu.m). COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 2 50 g of monocetylphosphoric acid and 100 g of ethanol were put into a 500 ml reaction vessel. Further, a solution of 6.29 g of 96% sodium hydroxide (purity was taken into consideration by calculating it from the degree of neutralization determined by titration) dissolved in 200 g of ion-exchanged water was added thereto. After the temperature was elevated to 80.degree. C., it was confirmed that they were clearly dissolved. The solution was continuously stirred for 30 minutes. A solution of 22.3 g of zinc sulfate heptahydrate dissolved in 100 g of ion-exchanged water was added dropwise thereto to carry out a salt exchange reaction. After the completion of the addition, the mixture was stirred for 30 minutes. 13.20 g of an aqueous solution of 33.33% sodium hydroxide was added dropwise thereto to adjust the pH of the reaction mixture to 6.6. Further, the mixture was continuously stirred for one hour. After the completion of the reaction, the mixture was cooled and the product was collected by filtration, washed with water and dried, to obtain 49.3 g of the particles of zinc monocetylphosphate (zinc/sodium/phosphorus=0.77/1.42/2.00). The thus-obtained zinc monocetylphosphate was inspected by a scanning electron microscope, and it was found that the shape of the powder was indefinite, i.e., the product was neither platy crystal nor needle crystal, and the product was an amorphous aggregate. EXAMPLE 6 Sodium zinc cetylphosphate particles obtained in Example 1 were subjected to organoleptic evaluation on the touch. Zinc cetylphosphates obtained in Comparative Examples 1 and 2, zinc stearate, talc, mica and nylon powder were used as comparative products. The results are shown in Table 1. Evaluation method Evaluation on the touch of the powders themselves was made by expert panel. Mica was used as standard material. Evaluation of mica was referred to as 3. Grading criterion were as follows; 5 Good in comparison with standard material 4: Slightly good in comparison with standard material 3: Equal to standard material 2: Slightly poor in comparison with standard material 1: Poor in comparison with standard material. TABLE 1 __________________________________________________________________________ Smooth- Adapt- Transparent Water Overall Sample ness Adhesion ability appearance repellency evaluation __________________________________________________________________________ Product of Sodium zinc mono- 5 5 5 5 5 5 invention cetylphosphate of Ex. 1 Sodium zinc mono- 5 5 5 5 5 5 cetylphosphate of Ex. 2 Compara- Zinc monocetylphos- 4.5 5 4 2 5 4 tive phate of Comp. Ex. 1 product Zinc monocetylphos- 1 2 1 3 5 2 phate of Comp. Ex. 2 Mica 3 3 3 3 3 3 Talc 2.5 3 4 2 3 3 Zinc stearate 1 4 4 1 4 2 Nylon powder 4 1 1 3 2 2 __________________________________________________________________________ EXAMPLE 7 Pressed face powder A pressed face powder having the following formulation was prepared by using sodium zinc monocetylphosphate particles obtained in Example 1 in the following manner. Evaluation was made in comparison with comparative products. Zinc monocetyl phosphate obtained in Comparative Example 2 and products using talc and mica were used as comparative products. ______________________________________ Formulation Amount (%) Product of Comparative Comparative Blended component invention product 1 product 2 ______________________________________ Sodium zinc mono- 30 -- -- cetyl phosphate of Ex. 1 Zinc monocetylphos- -- 30 -- phate of Comp. Ex. 2 Talc balance balance balance Mica 40 40 40 Red iron oxide 0.1 0.1 0.1 Liquid paraffin 4 4 4 Perfume 0.1 0.1 0.1 Total 100 100 100 ______________________________________ Preparation method The powder components were mixed, crushed and fed to a Henshel mixer. Oil and perfume were added thereto, and the mixture was mixed to make it homogeneous. The mixture was press-molded into a container, thus obtaining a product. The thus-obtained face powders were evaluated by an expert panel. The results are shown in Table 2. TABLE 2 __________________________________________________________________________ Transparent Overall Sample Smoothness Adhesion Adaptability appearance evaluation __________________________________________________________________________ Product of 5 5 5 5 5 invention Comparative 4 5 4 3 4 product 1 Comparative 3 3 3 3 3 product 2 __________________________________________________________________________ Comparative product 2 was used as a standard and designated as having value of 3. Grading criterion were according to Example 6. It is seen that the cosmetic of the present invention is face powder which is superior to comparative products in spreadability as well as adaptability and transparent appearance. EXAMPLE 8 Powder foundation ______________________________________ Formulation (%) ______________________________________ Sodium zinc monocetylphosphate 20 of Example 1 talc balance sericite 10 Titanium oxide 1 Red iron oxide 1.5 Black iron oxide 0.2 Yellow iron oxide 2.0 Finely divided wax (PRESS-AID, 10 manufactured by PRESPERSE Inc.) Perfume 0.1 Total 100 ______________________________________ Reparation method The powder components were mixed, crushed, and fed to Henshel mixer. Perfume was added thereto and the mixture was mixed to make it homogeneous. The mixture was press-molded into a container to obtain a product. The thus-obtained foundation was excellent in touch-related properties, such as spreadability, etc., and had excellent adaptability to the skin. EXAMPLE 9 Loose type face powder ______________________________________ Formulation (%) ______________________________________ Sodium zinc monocetylphosphate 50 of Example 1 talc balance Red iron oxide 0.1 Liquid paraffin 1 Perfume 0.1 Total 100 ______________________________________ Preparation method The powder components were mixed, crushed and fed to a Henshel mixer. Oil and perfume were added thereto and the mixture was mixed to make it homogeneous. The resulting mixture was sieved to obtain a product. The thus-obtained loose type face powder was well-spreadable and superior to a conventional loose type face powder that was powdery. EXAMPLE 10 Oil type face powder ______________________________________ Formulation (%) ______________________________________ Sodium zinc monocetylphosphate 20 of Example 1 Talc balance Kaolin 5 Titanium oxide 5 Red iron oxide 1.0 Black iron oxide 0.1 Yellow iron oxide 0.6 Squalene 25 Isopropyl palmitate 15 Ceresine 7 Perfume 0.1 Total 100 ______________________________________ Preparation method The powder components were mixed and crushed. Separately, the oil component was dissolved by heating and added thereto with stirring. The mixture was mixed to make it homogeneous. The mixture was charged into a container and cooled to obtain a product. EXAMPLE 11 Creamy foundation ______________________________________ Formulation (%) ______________________________________ 1. Stearic acid 5 2. Lipophilic glycerin monostearate 2.5 3. Cetostearyl alcohol 1 4. Propylene glycol monolaurate 3 5. Squalene 7 6. Olive oil 8 7. Purified water balance 8. Antiseptic 0.1 9. Triethanolamine 1.2 10. Sorbitol 3 11. Titanium oxide 5 12. Sodium zinc monocetylphosphate 15 of Example 1 13. Red iron oxide 1.0 14. Black iron oxide 0.1 15. Yellow iron oxide 0.6 16. Perfume 0.1 Total 100 ______________________________________ Preparation method The powder components (11 to 15) were mixed and crushed. Separately, the water phase components (7 to 10) were mixed to prepare a solution. The crushed pigments were dispersed therein and the dispersion was heated to 75.degree. C. The oil components (1 to 6) were dissolved by heating and added to the previously prepared water phase with stirring to emulsify them. The emulsion was cooled with stirring and perfume was added thereto at 50.degree. C. The mixture was cooled with stirring. While the present invention has been described in detail and with reference to specific embodiments thereof, it is apparent to one skilled in the art that various changes and modification scan be made therein without departing from the spirit and the scope of the present invention. 74 494001 19900227 FIELD OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to novel alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphates, particles thereof, a process for preparing the same, and cosmetics containing the same. More particularly, it relates to alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphates, alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles mainly composed of platy crystal particles and having excellent performance as a lubricant, a process for preparing the same, and cosmetics containing the same. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION There are many cosmetics containing powders, such as cosmetics for foundation, cosmetics for make-up (e.g., eye shadow) and cosmetics for the body (e.g., body powder, baby powder). However, it has been found impossible that all of the performances such as smoothness, adhesion, etc., required for cosmetics of good quality are fully satisfied by cosmetic powders conventionally used, for example, inorganic extender pigments such as talc; inorganic coloring materials such as zinc oxide; organic coloring materials such as organic tar dyes; composite pigments such as micaceous titanium; and powders having surfaces treated with conventional coating agents such as silicone. Accordingly, metallic soaps are often blended with cosmetics to impart smoothness, adhesion, etc., thereto. However, it is not considered that satisfactory performances are fully imparted to such cosmetics by the metallic soaps with respect to smoothness, adhesion, etc. Spherical polymers such as nylon powder and styrene polymers are also used as cosmetic materials for imparting smoothness, adhesion, etc. However, they have disadvantages in that they are bulky to the feel and adhesion is poor, so that flexibility and wetness can not be imparted to the cosmetics. Further, they have disadvantages in that the adhesion of the cosmetics t the skin is deteriorated and press-moldability is lowered. The present inventors had previously found that metal salts of monoalkylphosphoric acids have properties such as smoothness, adhesion, etc., suitable for use as cosmetic powders. As a result, a patent application relating to a cosmetic containing the same was filed (see JP-A-1-125314 (the term "JP-A" as used herein means an "unexamined published Japanese patent application")). Further, there was filed a patent application relating to a process for economically preparing metal salts of monoalkylphosphoric acids having performances suitable for use as cosmetic powder by using mixed solvents of water and water-soluble organic solvents as solvents for reaction (see, JP-A-61-229889 (corresponding to U.S. Pat. No. 4,804,533)). The present inventors had already found that among the metal salts of monoalkylphosphoric acids, zinc monoalkylphosphate particles have particularly excellent performance as a lubricant and as a cosmetic powder. However, it was found that after the completion of the formation of zinc salt, the reaction system is strongly acidified (in many cases, PH&lt;2) in the conventional process, and zinc monoalkylphosphates are produced in the crystalline form of needle crystals, or a mixture of platy (including scaly) and needle crystals, or in an amorphous form, under the above acidified conditions. There was much difficulty in preparing zinc monoalkylphosphates mainly composed of platy crystals (including scaly crystal). When such mixtures of various crystal forms are used, unevenness in coating is caused, a whitish tone is left behind, and satisfactory performances as a lubricant and as a cosmetic powder can not be obtained. Further, the size of these particles is often non-uniform and it is necessary to provide a classification step and a crushing step when they are used as a lubricant. Accordingly, it has been highly demanded to develop metal salts of monoalkylphosphoric acids which are excellent in safety and have excellent performances such as smoothness, transparent appearance, adhesion, water repellency, etc. as a lubricant and as a cosmetic powder. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present inventors have conducted extensive studies to provide cosmetics which are freed from disadvantages associated with the prior art as mentioned above, have excellent properties such as smoothness, transparent appearance, adhesion, water repellency, etc., and are pleasant to the touch. As a result, it has not been found that there can be prepared alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles which are predominantly composed of platy crystal particles, scarcely cause agglomeration, contain negligible needle crystals or amorphous particles, have approximately uniform particle diameter, are excellent in safety, and have excellent properties such as smoothness, transparent appearance, adhesion, water repellency, etc., as cosmetic base material by reacting an alkali metal salt of a specific monoalkylphosphoric acid with a zinc salt among materials known as safe ingredients and conventionally applied to cosmetics, and then adjusting the pH of the reaction mixture to a value within a specific range. Further, it has been found that when the resulting particles are blended with cosmetics, there can be obtained cosmetics having such excellent properties that they are well-spread on the skin, adhere well to the skin, do not give a bulky feel on coating, have transparent appearance, and are water-repellent. The present invention has been accomplished on the basis of these findings. Thus, one object of the present invention to provide alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles having properties suitable for use as a lubricant and as a cosmetic powder. Another object of the present invention is to provide a process for preparing said alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles. Still another object of the present invention is to provide cosmetics containing said alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles. These and other objects of the present invention will become apparent from the following description. The present invention provides alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphates having a saturated or unsaturated straight-chain or branched hydrocarbon group having from 8 to 32 carbon atoms, alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate particles predominantly composed of platy crystal particles, a process for preparing the same, and cosmetics containing the same. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a scanning electron microscope photograph showing the crystal structure of sodium zinc monocetylphosphate obtained in Example 1. FIG. 2 is a scanning electron microscope photograph showing the crystal structure of zinc monocetylphosphate obtained in Comparative Example 1. FIG. 3 is infrared absorption spectrum of sodium zinc monocetylphosphate obtained in Example 1.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A process for preparing particles of an alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate represented by formula (I): ##STR3## wherein R represents a saturated or unsaturated straight-chain or branched hydrocarbon group having from 8 to 32 carbon atoms, and A represents an alkali metal, which process comprises reacting an alkali metal salt of a monoalkylphosphoric acid (II) represented by formula (II): ##STR4## wherein R represents a saturated or unsaturated straight-chain or branched hydrocarbon group having from 8 to 32 carbon atoms, said alkali metal salt having a degree of neutralization of from 0.8 to 1.2, with a zinc salt represented by the following formula (III): X.sub.m Y.sub.n (III) wherein X represents zinc, Y represents zinc, Y represents an inorganic anion or an organic acid anion, and m and n each represent an integer determined by the valence requirements of Y and X, respectively, by salt exchange, and then adjusting the pH of the reaction system to the range of from 2 to 6. 2. 2. A process for preparing particles of an alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate as claimed in claim 1, wherein the alkali metal salt has a degree of neutralization of from 0.9 to 1.1. 3. 3. A process for preparing particles of an alkali metal zinc monoalkylphosphate as claimed in claim 1, wherein after the reaction by salt exchange, the pH of the reaction system is adjusted to the range of from 3 to 5.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176905</DOCNO><APP-NO>620200</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19901130</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176905</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K  7/035</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 69</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>1-312296	19891130	JP</PRIORITY><CITATION>3869298/19750300	3926659/19751200	3929501/19751200	4084984/19780400	4804532/19890200	4919726/19900400</CITATION><INVENTOR>Ohno; Kazuhisa<tab>Kumagai; Shigenori<tab>Suzuki; Fukuji<tab>Tsujita; Nobuhisa</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Shiseido Co., Ltd.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Photochromic flesh-colored pigment and process for producing the same</TITLE><ABST>A photochromic flesh-colored pigment comprising not less than 90 wt % of anatase type titanium oxide having photochromism and a process for producing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment comprising the steps of adding iron hydroxide (FeOOH) to a composition containing untreated anatase type titanium oxide as the main ingredient, and calcining the mixture at 750.degree. to 850.degree. C. It is possible to exhibit a flesh color with a single color with a single pigment and it is also possible to change the color depending upon the intensity of light.</ABST><SPEC>DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS The present invention will be explained in more detail hereinunder with reference to embodiments. Definition of Flesh Color The flesh color in the present invention refers to the color satisfying the following relationships when a sample obtained by forming coating film on paper using 76 .mu.m applicator, and the coating is made of 4 g of a powder dispersed in 16 g of nitrocellulose, and tested by a calorimeter (Minolta CR-200): 82.5.ltoreq.L.ltoreq.84.5 11.5.ltoreq.a.ltoreq.14.0 11.5.ltoreq.b.ltoreq.13.5 The flesh color in the present invention refers to the color satisfying the following relationships when a sample obtained by forming 5 g of a powder in a medium-size square plate of 2.8.times.4.5 cm under a pressure of 30 Kg/cm.sup.2 and tested by a calorimeter (Minolta CR-200): Accordingly, in the case of such powder forming, the following relationships are preferably satisfied: H=8 R to 4 YR V=8.0 to 9.0 C=1.8 to 2.5 More preferably H=9 R to 3 YR V=8.5 to 8.9 C=1.9 to 2.0 Definition of Photochromism The photochromism was tested in the following manner in the present invention. The photochromism was in the following manner in the present invention. A sample was produced by forming 5 g of a powder in a medium-size square plate of 2.8.times.4.5 cm under a pressure of 30 Kg/cm.sup.2. As to the optical conditions, one UV-A fluorescent lamp (FL20SBLB, produced by Toshiba Co., Ltd.) and one UV-B fluorescent lamp (FL20S.E, produced by Toshiba Co., Ltd.) were fixed at an interval of 15 cm, and using an ultraviolet light intensity measuring machine (SUV-T, produced by Toray Co., Ltd.), the height was adjusted so that the intensity of ultraviolet light was 2 mW/cm.sup.2. The actual measurement was carried out in the following manner. (1) The sample which had been allowed to stand in a darkroom at room temperature for about 10 hours was measured by a calorimeter (Minolta CR-200). (2) The sample was placed at the height and irradiated with ultraviolet light by the above-described ultraviolet light intensity for 30 minutes, and the darkened color was measured in the same way as described in (1). (3) After the darkened sample was allowed to stand in the dark room for 3 hours, it was measured in the same way as described in (1). The photochromism is defined by 3.ltoreq.A.ltoreq.12 B.ltoreq.2 wherein A represents the color difference .DELTA.E between (1) and (2), and B represents the color difference .DELTA.E between (1) and (3). Anatase Type Titanium Oxide It is essential in the present invention that the content of anatase type titanium oxide is not less than 90 wt % when photochromism is imparted to titanium oxide. Since anatase type titanium oxide is converted into rutile titanium oxide by rearrangement when anatase type titanium oxide is calcined so as to impart photochromism thereto, the control of the calcining temperature is very important. If the calcining temperature is high, the content of rutile titanium oxide increases, which inconveniently change the color of the pigment from a flesh color to yellowish brown (the brightness is enhanced and a yellow color become vivid). If the yellow color becomes more vivid than a flesh color, the pigment cannot be said to be a flesh-colored pigment any longer. This state is shown in FIG. 1. A material titanium oxide containing not less than 95% of anatase type titanium oxide (not more than 5% of rutile titanium oxide) was calcined for 6 hours. It is observed from FIG. 1 that although almost no change is caused in the content of rutile titanium oxide up to 850.degree. C., rearrangement rapidly progresses in the vicinity of the point immediately above 850.degree. C., the content of rutile titanium oxide exceeds 40 wt % at 900.degree. C., and when the temperature reaches 1,000.degree. C., the anatase type titanium oxide is converted into approximately 100% rutile titanium oxide by rearrangement. With this phenomenon, the tone begins to rapidly change from a flesh color to a brown yellowish color at 850.degree. C., as shown in FIG. 2(A). Such a brown yellowish pigment cannot be said to be a flesh-colored pigment. The content of rutile titanium oxide here is significant for imparting photochromism and does not except, for example, the case of adding rutile titanium oxide after photochromism is imparted. When a flesh-colored pigment was produced from anatase type titanium oxide having an average particle diameter of 0.1 to 0.5 .mu.m and more preferably about 0.3 .mu.m, and subjected to no surface treatment, a flesh-colored pigment having a good photochromism was obtained. In contrast, when the surface of anatase type titanium oxide was treated with silica alumina or the like, .DELTA.E was apparently reduced. When rutile titanium oxide subjected to a surface treatment was used as a raw material and calcined, .DELTA.E was approximately zero. In the case of using untreated rutile titanium oxide, a color change due to ultraviolet was very small, and .DELTA.E was about 1 to 2. The reason why the average particle diameter of anatase type titanium oxide was set at 0.3 .mu.m, the coloring power was maximal in the vicinity thereof. When anatase type titanium oxide and rutile titanium oxide having an average particle diameter of 0.03 .mu.m were used in the weight ratio of 7:3, the pigment produced was unfavorably rough and the opacyfying power was low probably because the particles sintered between each other. Photochromism The photochromism also has a close relation to the calcining temperature. As shown in FIG. 2(B), anatase titanium oxide cannot be invested with photochromism unless it is calcined at a temperature of not lower than 750.degree. C. On the other hand, if anatase titanium oxide is calcined at a temperature of not lower than 950.degree. C., the photochromism is reduced. It is observed from FIG. 2(B) that the calcining temperature suitable for imparting photochromism is in the range of 750.degree. to 950.degree. C. It is therefore necessary to calcine anatase titanium oxide at 750.degree. to 850.degree. C. in order to obtain a photochromic flesh-colored pigment. Photochromism Activating Agent In order to impart photochromism to a titanium oxide, a metal such as iron, chromium, copper, nickel, manganese, cobalt and molybdenum is generally used. These metals are used in the form of metal powders itself, salts such as sulfates, chlorides, nitrates and acetates, oxides or hydrate. In the present invention, however, these metals cannot be used and it is necessary to use iron hydroxide (FeOOH) as a photochromism activating agent. Use of other iron compounds such as iron sulfate (FeSO.sub.4 .multidot.7H.sub.2 O) produces a white or yellowish brown pigment, and cannot produce a flesh-colored pigment in accordance with the present invention. When acicular iron hydroxide of a commercial grade (particle diameter of FeOOH: 0.075 to 0.6 .mu.m) was used, a good photochromic flesh-colored pigment was obtained. If the particle diameter was approximately the same, rod-like iron hydroxide produced a similar effect. When fine iron hydroxide (diameters: 0.02 to 0.04 .mu.m) was used, the pigment took on a yellowish brown color at the time of calcination, and a flesh-colored pigment was not obtained. The preferable mixing ratio is about 1 part by weight of acicular FeOOH to 99 parts by weight of untreated anatase titanium oxide. With the increase in the amount of iron hydroxide added, .DELTA.E tends to be reduced. When 5 wt % of iron hydroxide is added, almost no color change (.DELTA.E is not more than 1.5) is caused due to light radiation. The content of iron hydroxide here is significant for imparting photochromism and does not except, for example, the case of adding iron hydroxide after photochromism is imparted. The structure of the present invention will be explained in more detail in the following with respect to the following examples. In the following examples, a photochromic flesh-colored pigment was used which was obtained by adding 1.1 parts by weight of acicular iron hydroxide to 99 parts by weight of untreated anatase titanium oxide and calcining the mixture at about 800.degree. C. for 4 hours. EXAMPLE 1 Powder Foundation ______________________________________ wt % ______________________________________ (1) Photochromic flesh-colored pigment 20.0 (2) Talc 10.0 (3) Sericite 49.5 (4) Spherical nylon powder 8.0 (5) Polydimethyl siloxane 5.0 (6) 2-ethylhexyl palmitate 5.0 (7) Solbitan sesquioleate 1.0 (8) Antiseptic agent 0.9 (9) Perfume 0.1 ______________________________________ The ingredients (1) to (6) were mixed by a Henschel mixer and to the mixture the ingredients (7) to (9) which had been melted and mixed under heating were added. The resultant mixture was pulverized by a pulverizer (Hosokawa Micron). The pulverized mixture was formed in a medium-size plate so as to obtain a powder foundation. The thus-obtained powder foundation containing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment can exhibit a flesh color without adding another pigment. In addition, since the color changes depending upon the intensity of light, the pigment can exhibit a corn color suggestive of a beautifully-tanned skin under the sunlight, while it exhibits a slightly light flesh color, which is elegant, in a room. EXAMPLE 2 Water-Soluble Powder Foundation ______________________________________ wt % ______________________________________ (1) Photochromic flesh-colored pigment 31.0 (2) Silicone-Treated mica 36.0 (3) Silicone-treated talc 20.0 (4) Trimethylol propane triisostearate 5.0 (5) Squalane 3.0 (6) Beeswax 2.0 (7) Solbitan trioleate 1.0 (8) Antiseptic agent 0.5 (9) Vitamin E 0.05 (10) Butylmethoxy benzoylmethane 1.0 (11) Perfume 0.2 ______________________________________ The ingredients (1) to (3) were mixed, and to the mixture the ingredients (4) to (11) which had been melted and mixed under heating were added. The resultant mixture was pulverized and formed in a medium-size plate so as to obtain a water-soluble foundation. EXAMPLE 3 Suntan oil ______________________________________ wt % ______________________________________ (1) Liquid paraffin 69.75 (2) Silicone oil 20.0 (3) Vitamin E 0.05 (4) Perfume 0.2 (5) Photochromic flesh-colored pigment 10.0 ______________________________________ The ingredients (1) to (4) were mixed, and after the ingredient (5) was added to and dispersed in the mixture, the resultant mixture was deaerated to obtain suntan oil. This suntan oil exhibited a corn color suggestive of a beautifully-tanned skin under the sunlight and was also excellent in the ultraviolet light preventive effect. EXAMPLE 4 Coating ______________________________________ wt % ______________________________________ (1) Photochromic flesh-colored pigment 10.0 (2) Acryloid B-66 22.0 (3) Xylene 48.0 (4) Mineral spirit 20.0 ______________________________________ The ingredients (1) to (3) were kneaded by a roll mill to obtain an acrylic coating. The thus-obtained photochromic coating was applied to a wall and the brightness of the room was varied. The wall exhibited a whitish flesh color under dark light, while it exhibited a slightly dark subdued flesh color under bright light. EXAMPLE 5 Emulsified Foundation ______________________________________ wt % ______________________________________ (1) Photochromic flesh-colored pigment 1.5 (2) Stearic acid 1.5 (3) Isostearic acid 0.3 (4) Isopropil myristate 4.0 (5) Squalane 12.0 (6) POE stearyl ether 1.5 (7) Glyceryl monooleate 0.5 (8) Cetyl alcohol 0.5 (9) Talc 10.0 (10) Antiseptic agent 0.15 (11) Triethanol amine 0.8 (12) Propylene glycol 6.0 (13) Montmorilonite 0.5 (14) Purified water 60.55 (15) Perfume 0.2 ______________________________________ The ingredients (11) to (14) were mixed and heated to 70.degree. C. To the mixture, the ingredients (2) to (8), (10) and (15) which had been melted and mixed under heating were slowly added, emulsified and dispersed. The resultant mixture was cooled to room temperature to obtain emulsified foundation. This emulsified foundation was applied to the face. Under the sunlight, the brightness of the color of the skin was lowered. Thus, the made-up skin gave the feeling of naturalness and beauty both in the room and outdoors. EXAMPLE 6 Nail Enamel ______________________________________ wt % ______________________________________ (1) Alkyd resin 10.0 (2) Proxyline 13.0 (3) Acetyltributyl citrate 5.0 (4) Organic modified montmorilonite 1.0 (5) Toluene 21.0 (6) Butyl acetate 37.7 (7) Ethyl acetate 5.3 (8) n-butanol 2.0 (9) Lithol Rubine BCA 0.3 (10) Photochromic flesh-colored pigment 4.7 ______________________________________ The ingredients (5) to (8) were mixed, and the ingredients (1) to (3) were added to the mixture. Thereafter, the ingredients (4), and (9) to (10) were added to and dispersed in the resultant mixture. The color of the nail enamel changed under the sunlight. Thus, a relishable nail enamel was obtained. EXAMPLE 7 Emulsified Foundation in Compact ______________________________________ wt % ______________________________________ (1) Decamethylcyclopentasiloxane 20.0 (2) Dimethylpolysiloxane (6 cs) 5.0 (3) Jojoba oil 1.0 (4) Paraffin wax 6.0 (5) Microcrystalline wax 4.0 (6) Polyoxyalkylene-modified organopolysiloxane 3.0 (7) Hydrophobic photochromic 26.0 flesh-colored pigment (8) Hydrophobic iron oxide pigment 4.0 (9) Ion-exchanged water 10.0 (10) Glycerin 8.0 (11) 1,3 butylene glycol 2.0 (12) Antiseptic agent proper quantity (13) Perfume proper quantity ______________________________________ The ingredients (1) to (6), and (13) were heated to 80.degree. C., and the ingredients (7) and (8) were added to and dispersed in the mixture. The mixture of ingredients (9) to (12) which had been heated to 80.degree. C. were added and the resultant mixture was emulsified and dispersed. The emulsion in a liquid state was charged into a medium-size plate and cooled to room temperature. The product was then charged in a compact to obtain the target emulsified foundation in a compact. In this example, since the photochromic flesh-colored pigment which had been treated so as to be hydrophobic was used, the dispersibility was good and photochromism was sufficient. Other Uses A photochromic flesh-colored pigment according to the present invention is applicable to the following uses in addition to the above-described preparations and coating. Gatepost: The gatepost to which the photochromic flesh-skin pigment is applied exhibits a slightly dark subdued flesh color in the daytime, while in the nighttime, the whitish color becomes vivid, thereby making itself conspicuous. Coating or fibers for military camouflage (chameleon fibers) Wears the colors of which change into bright colors under the bright sunlight Wig, lipstick, rouge, mascara (dramatic change) Doll the skin color of which changed under the sunlight Coating for architecture or automobile Simple actinometer Hologram (reversible optical memory material) Photograph dispensed with the need for development Hard copy for a newspaper transmitted by radio Monitor for frozen food (a pigment with the color changed by ultraviolet light is pasted to frozen food so as to monitor it and judge the frozen state on the basis of fading) Glaze for pottery Information display screen Photochromic frame of glasses Reversible photochromic thread Cover mark Reversible photochromic cloth Helmet, sun visor Decorative laminate Photochromic screen Ink Microcapsuled articles Printing on containers of cosmetics Marking pen and ball-point pen Printed letters and patterns which are developed by light Answers to questions in a study book or quizzes Magazine, leaflets, newspapers, papers. As described above, according to a photochromic flesh-colored pigment of the present invention, it is possible to exhibit a flesh color with a single pigment and it is also possible to change the color depending upon the intensity of light. According to a process for producing a photochromic of the present invention, it is possible to easily provide a homogeneous flesh-colored pigment. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention relates to a photochromic flesh-colored pigment and a process for producing the same and, more particularly, to the improvement of a pigment using titanium oxide. 2. Description of the Prior Art A flesh-colored pigment is essential as a cosmetic material, in particular, as a material of foundation. Since the flesh color is representative of a neutral tint tinged with warmth, a flesh-colored pigment is one of the pigments much in demand which is applied to various daily necessities. It is hitherto difficult to produce a flesh-colored pigment from a single component, and general flesh-colored pigments are composed of an iron oxide pigment with an appropriate amount of red (red oxide Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3), yellow (yellow oxide FeOOH) and black (black oxide Fe.sub.3 O.sub.4) mixed therewith. However, since the dispersibility is different depending upon the kind of iron oxide and, especially, red oxide and black oxide have poor dispersibilities, the pigment contains many grains. In addition, the pigment has a different color depending upon the mixing time. When the mixing time is long, a reddish color disadvantageously becomes vivid. As a countermeasure, a skin cosmetic preparation bringing out a flesh color by a single pigment has been developed (see Japanese Patent Laid-Open No. 98009/1984). A flesh-colored pigment obtained by substantially uniformly coating the particle surfaces of titanium dioxide with at least one selected from the group consisting of hematite and amorphous hydrous iron oxide is provided. Recently, a pigment is required to have various functions. For example, a pigment the tone of which varies with the optical conditions, in other words, a pigment provided with what is called photochromism (or phototropy) has attracted public attention. As products to which such photochromism is applied, dimmer glass, color-variable make-up cosmetic preparation, etc. have conventionally been developed (see Japanese Patent Laid-Open No. 49312/1981 and 10079/1981), and application of photochromism to a wider field has been expected. However, no flesh-colored pigment excellent in productivity and usability and provided with photochromism has yet been developed. In view of the wide application range of a flesh-colored pigment, the development of such a flesh-colored pigment has been strongly demanded. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Accordingly, it is an object of the present invention to eliminate the above-described problems in the prior art and to provide a flesh-colored pigment which is excellent in productivity and usability and which is provided with photochromism. As a result of studies undertaken by the present inventors so as to achieve this aim, it has been found that a photochromic pigment containing anatase type titanium oxide as the main ingredient has a very good flesh color. The present invention has been achieved on the basis of this finding. A photochromic flesh-colored pigment according to the present invention comprises not less than 90 wt % of anatase type titanium oxide having photochromism. A process for producing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment according to the present invention comprises the steps of adding iron hydroxide (FeOOH) to a composition which contains untreated anatase type titanium oxide as the main ingredient and calcining the mixture at a temperature of 750.degree. to 850.degree. C. The titanium oxide is preferably anatase type titanium oxide having an average particle diameter of about 0.3 .mu.m and not subjected to a surface treatment. The iron hydroxide is preferably acicular or rod-like iron hydroxide having a particle diameter of 0.075 to 0.6 .mu.m. The mixing ratio of iron hydroxide to the untreated anatase type titanium oxide is preferably about 1 part to 99 parts. The structure of the present invention will be explained in more detail. Titanium oxide in the present invention is mainly composed of anatase type titanium oxide. If not less than 10 wt % of rutile or amorphous titanium oxide is contained, the tone changes from a flesh color to yellowish brown, and the pigment produced cannot be said to be a flesh-colored pigment. This is because the increase of rutile titanium oxide and the like enhances the brightness of the flesh color and tinges it with yellow. In order to impart photochromism to anatase type titanium oxide, it is preferable to add iron hydroxide (FeOOH) to a composition which contains untreated anatase type titanium oxide as the main ingredient and calcine the mixture at a temperature of 750.degree. to 850.degree. C. If the temperature is lower than 750.degree. C., photochromism is not exhibited. On the other hand, if the temperature is higher than 850.degree. C., anatase type titanium oxide changes into rutile titanium oxide and the pigment produced takes on a yellowish brown color. Use of a photochromism activating agent other than iron hydroxide (FeOOH) cannot produce a good flesh-colored pigment. In the present invention, it is possible to use a flesh-colored pigment in the form of a composite with another inorganic or organic compound. For example, it is possible to make a composite by mixing, coating or sintering at least one selected from the group consisting of: an inorganic compound such as mica, sericite, talc, kaolin, silica, barium sulfate, iron oxide, chromium oxide, copper oxide, nickel oxide, vanadium oxide, manganese oxide, cobalt oxide, calcium oxide, magnesium oxide, molybdenum oxide, zinc oxide, iron, chromium, copper, nickel, vanadium and manganese; and an organic compound such as nylon, polymethyl methacrylate, polystyrene, epoxy resin and polyethylene; with a photochromic flesh-colored pigment. It is also preferable to impart photochromism to anatase type titanium oxide after it is made a composite with another inorganic or organic compound. A composite containing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment is produced, for example, by the following methods. In the case of a titanium dioxide-coated composite such as titanium-mica and titanium-talc, 0.05 to 5.0 wt % of iron hydroxide based on the amount of titanium dioxide is added to the titanium dioxide-coated composite by using a ball mill and a Henschel mixer in a dry process or in the form of an aqueous solution by a wet process, and the composite is thereafter calcined at 750.degree. to 850.degree. C. Alternatively, a titanium dioxide composite is obtained by the hydrolysis of titanyl sulfate in the presence of iron oxide, and the composite is thereafter calcined at 750.degree. to 850.degree. C. A photochromic flesh-colored pigment or a composite containing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment of the present invention may be further subjected to a surface treatment with silicon, surfactant, metallic soap, fatty acid, fluoroplastic, wax or the like, or the surface thereof may be alkoxilated. A combination of these surface treatments may be adopted. If the dispersibility of the pigment is enhanced by the surface treatment, it is possible to further enhance the photochromism. In the case of applying a photochromic flesh-colored pigment of the present invention to a cosmetic preparation, it is possible to blend other components which are generally used in the composition of a cosmetic preparation, as occasion demands. For example, it is possible to blend an inorganic powder such talc, kaolin, sericite, muscovite, phlogopite, synthetic mica, lepidolite, biotite, lithia mica, vermiculite, magnesium carbonate, calcium carbonate, diatomaceous earth, magnesium silicate, calcium silicate, aluminum silicate, barium silicate, barium sulfate, strontium silicate, metal salt of tungstic acid, silica, magnesium oxide, calcium oxide, zeolite, boron nitride and ceramic powder; an organic powder such as nylon powder, polyethylene powder benzoguanamine powder, ethylene tetrafluoride powder and microcrystalline cellulose; a hydrocarbon such as squalane, liquid paraffin, vaseline, microcrystalline wax, ozocerite, ceresine, cetyl alcohol, haxadecyl alcohol, oleyl alcohol, cetyl-2-ethyl hexanoate, 2-ethylhexyl palmitate, 2-octyldodecyl myristate, 2-octyldodecyl gum ester, neopentyl glycol-2-ethyl hexanoate, isooctylic acid triglyceride, 2-octyldodecyl oleate, isopropyl myristate, isostearic acid triglyceride, coconut fatty acid triglyceride, olive oil, avocado oil, beeswax, myristyl myristate, zinc oxide, lanolin and dimethyl polysiloxane; an oil content such as oil, fat, ester, higher alcohol, wax, silicone oil and silicone resin; an ultraviolet light absorbent; antioxidant; antiseptic agent; surfactant; humectant; perfume; water; alcohol; and thickening agent. In the case of applying a photochromic flesh-colored pigment of the present invention to a cosmetic preparation, a cosmetic preparation can take the form of a powder, cake, pencil, stick, ointment, liquid, milky lotion, cream or the like. The above and other objects, features and advantages of the present invention will become clear from the following description of the preferred embodiments thereof, taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 explains the relationship between the calcining temperature and the increase in the content of rutile titanium oxide due to rearrangement; and FIG. 2 explains the relationship between the calcining temperature and the tone and the photochromism of the pigment.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A photochromic flesh-colored pigment comprising not less than 90 wt % of anatase titanium oxide having photochromism. 2. 2. A photochromic flesh-colored pigment according to claim 1, wherein said titanium oxide is anatase titanium oxide having an average particle diameter of 0.1 to 0.5 .mu.m and not subjected to any surface treatment. 3. 3. A process for producing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment comprising the steps of adding iron hydroxide (FeOOH) to a composition containing not less than 90% by weight of untreated anatase titanium oxide as the main ingredient and calcining the mixture at 750.degree. C. to 850.degree. C. 4. 4. A process for producing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment according to claim 3, wherein said iron hydroxide is acicular or rod-like iron hydroxide having a particle diameter 0.075 to 0.6 .mu.m. 5. 5. A process for producing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment according to either of claims 3 and 4, wherein the mixing ratio of said iron hydroxide to said untreated anatase titanium oxide is about 1 to 99 by part by weight. 6. 6. A process for producing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment comprising the steps of adding in a dry or wet process 0.05-5.0 wt % of iron hydroxide based on an amount of titanium oxide in a titanium dioxide-coated composite to said titanium dioxide-coated composite which contains not less than 90% by weight of untreated anatase titanium oxide as the main ingredient; and calcining the mixture at 750.degree.-850.degree. C. 7. 7. A process for producing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment comprising the steps of: producing untreated anatase titanium dioxide-coated composite by the hydrolysis of titanyl sulfate in the presence of 0.05 to 5.0 wt % of iron oxide, and calcining said composite at 750.degree. to 850.degree. C. 8. 8. A process for producing a photochromic flesh-colored pigment comprising the steps of: adding in a dry or wet process 0.05 to 5.0 wt % of iron hydroxide based on the amount of titanium dioxide in a titanium dioxide-coated composite comprising titanium-mica and titanium-talc to said titanium dioxide-coated composite containing not less than 90% untreated anatase titanium oxide as the main ingredient; and calcining the mixture at 750 to 850 C. 9. 9. A process according to claim 6, wherein said titanium dioxide-coated composite comprises titanium oxide and at least one member selected from the group consisting of mica, sericite, talc, kaolin, silica, barium sulfate, iron oxide, chromium oxide, copper oxide, nickel oxide, vanadium oxide, manganese oxide, cobalt oxide, calcium oxide, magnesium oxide, molybdenum oxide, zinc oxide, iron, chromium, copper, nickel, vanadium, manganese, nylon, polymethyl methacrylate, polystyrene, epoxy resin and polyethylene. 10. 10. A process according to claim 6, wherein said titanium dioxide-coated composite comprises titanium oxide and sericite.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176906</DOCNO><APP-NO>517893</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19900502</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176906</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K  7/075</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 70</PRI-USPC><CITATION>4595586/19860600	4732201/19880300	4866152/19890900</CITATION><INVENTOR>Lamb; Jo A.<tab>Ziemelis; Maris J.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Dow Corning Corporation</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Fluorescent organosilicon compounds and methods</TITLE><ABST>A fluorescent organosilicon compound derived from the reaction of an aminofunctional organopolysiloxane and a fluorescent labeling reagent in which the fluorescent labeling reagent is incorporated into the molecule of the aminofunctional organopolysiloxane by means of a sulfonamide linkage. A method of treating hair is also dislcosed in which the fluorescent organosilicon compound is applied to hair and the treated hair is examined for fluorescence under ultraviolet light in order to determine the extensiveness of deposition of the fluorescent organosilicon compound.</ABST><SPEC>These and other features, objects, and advantages, of the herein described present invention will become more apparent from a consideration of the following detailed description thereof. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION Certain amine functional siloxanes are known to provide excellent hair conditioning when applied to hair after the hair has been shampooed. These amine functional siloxanes are useful as after-shampoo hair conditioners because the siloxanes facilitate combing and impart a smooth feel to hair. Shampoos have also been formulated which include amine functional siloxanes and these shampoo-conditioners are said to provide improved fullness and body to hair. One particular unique advantage of the amine functional siloxane in the treatment of hair is the substantivity of the amine functional siloxane for the substrate which provides durable hair treatments. However, since these amine functional siloxanes are clear fluids, it is difficult to determine visually the exact extensiveness of deposition on the hair of the amine functional siloxane in order to provide maximum coverage and benefit. In accordance with the present invention, however, not only do the amine functional siloxanes provide the above advantages as hair conditioning agents, but in addition are capable of indicating visually the extensiveness of deposition on hair when exposed to a source of ultraviolet light. Organopolysiloxanes of the present invention are amine-functional organopolysiloxanes which consist of a plurality of organosiloxane units of the general formula ##STR1## wherein X is a reactive amine-functional organic group bearing at least one --NHR" group, in which R" is hydrogen or an alkyl radical having 1 to 6 carbon atoms. On average, at least two reactive X groups per molecule of organopolysiloxane are required to be within the scope of the present invention. In the above formula, R is a non-reactive group which may be independently selected from alkyl radicals having 1 to 6 carbon atoms, such as methyl, ethyl, propyl, butyl, isopropyl or hexyl radicals. The R group may also be selected from monovalent cycloaliphatic radicals, such as cyclopentyl, cyclohexyl, or cyclooctyl radicals. Alternatively, R can be an aryl group such as phenyl, benzyl, styryl, tolyl and xenyl. Still further, R may be a monovalent halohydrocarbyl group having 1 to 6 carbon atoms such as 3,3,3-trifluoropropyl, 3-chloropropyl or perfluorobutylethyl. Finally, R may be a monovalent haloaromatic group such as 2,4-dichlorophenyl. It is preferred that R is selected from methyl, phenyl or 3,3,3-trifluoropropyl radicals. In any given organosiloxane unit, the value of a may be 0, 1, 2 or 3, the value of b may be 0, 1, or 2 and the sum (a+b) is less than 4. In a preferred embodiment of this invention, the X group is --R'(NHCH.sub.2 CH.sub.2).sub.g NR"H. In this embodiment, R' is a divalent hydrocarbon group having from 3 to 6 carbon atoms such as trimethylene, tetramethylene or isobutylene. Preferably, R' is trimethylene or isobutylene. R" is hydrogen or an alkyl radical having from 1 to 6 carbon atoms, preferably hydrogen, and g is an integer having a value from zero to 4. Preferably, g is one. It is further preferred that the amine-functional organopolysiloxane be a linear copolymer selected from structures which may be represented by the average formulae ##STR2## wherein the R groups are independently selected from the non-reactive species enumerated above, the average value of x may vary from zero to about 1000 and the average value of y may vary from 2 to about 100. It is also preferred that the R groups are methyl radicals and X is --R'(NHCH.sub.2 CH.sub.2).sub.g NR"H, as defined above. In these embodiments, particularly preferred X groups are ##STR3## while the most preferred X group is X', which may be represented by the formula ##STR4## The most preferred amine-functional organopolysiloxanes have the structure ##STR5## wherein X' has been defined and Me hereinafter denotes the methyl radical. In this case, x represents the average number of dimethyl units and can range from zero to about 1,000, preferably from 50 to 500. Likewise, y represents the average number of methyl-aminofunctional units and can range from 2 to about 100, preferably from 2 to 30. These amine-functional siloxanes are fluids having a viscosity between about 20 and 4,000 cP at 25.degree. C. The amine-functional organopolysiloxanes of this invention are well known in the art and are available commercially. Accordingly, no detailed description as to their preparation has been included herein. Fluorescent labeling reagents which may be used in accordance with the present invention are, for example, compounds such as 4-dimethylaminoazobenzene-4'-sulfonyl chloride; 1-dimethylaminonaphthalene-5-sulfonamidoethyltrimethylammonium perchlorate known as dansyl aminoethyltrimethylammonium perchlorate; N-1-dimethylaminonaphthalenesulfonyl aziridine known as dansyl aziridine; 5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl chloride known as dansyl chloride; 5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl fluoride known as dansyl fluoride; 5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl hydrazide known as dansyl hydrazine; 3-5-dimethylamino-1-naphthalenesulfonamido-proxyl; 3-5-dimethylamino-1-naphthalenesulfonamido-2,2,5,5-tetramethyl-1-pyrrolidi nyloxy; 1-2-5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl-aminoethylamino-3-1-naphthaleneo xy-2-propanol; 4-dimethylamino-1-naphthylisothiocyanate; and fluorescamine. The term dansyl, it is noted, is the abbreviation for 5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl. The preferred fluorescent compound in accordance with the concepts of the present invention is dansyl chloride of the formula (CH.sub.3).sub.2 NC.sub.10 H.sub.6 SO.sub.2 Cl. This material is well known in the art and has various utilities including its use as a reagent for fluorescent labeling of amines, amino acids, proteins, and phenols. It also yields fluorescent peptide derivatives. The fluorescent labeling reagent is incorporated into the organosilicon compound by means of a sulfonamide linkage which effectively bonds the fluorescent labeling reagent to the aminofunctional siloxane molecule. This mechanism is illustrated in the following reaction sequence: ##STR6## The following example illustrates a procedure for the preparation of fluorescent compounds in accordance with the concepts of the present invention. EXAMPLE I Into a container was placed 2.12 grams of 5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl chloride known as dansyl chloride. This compound is shown in the above reaction sequence as (II). Compound (II) was dissolved in fifty grams of toluene. Into a five hundred milliliter round bottom flask was placed 96.66 grams of the amine functional siloxane (I) shown in the above reaction sequence. The solution of toluene and 5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl chloride was added to the round bottom flask containing compound (II) and stirring was maintained with a magnetic stirring bar. A condenser was attached to the flask and the contents of the flask was heated to reflux for thirty minutes. The product was stripped on a rotary evaporator at eighty degrees Centigrade to remove the toluene. A light yellow-green fluid was obtained and identified as compound (III) as shown in the above reaction sequence. EXAMPLE II The fluorescent aminofunctional siloxane obtained from Example I was tested in order to demonstrate the utility of the compound as an indicator of the efficacy and the extensiveness of a hair treatment application. Tresses of European human hair were employed. A solution was prepared containing a two percent by weight concentration of compound (III) in a polydimethylcyclosiloxane fluid having a viscosity of 4.2 centistokes measured at twenty-five degrees Centigrade. One gram of the treatment solution was sprayed onto two tresses of hair. The treated hair tresses were dried at room temperature for twenty-four hours. The tresses were examined under a source of ultraviolet light and were found to be fluorescent, indicating that the had been effective. It was observed that compound (III) had deposited more extensively on damaged ends of the individual hair tresses. It will be apparent from the foregoing that many other variations and modifications may be made in the compounds, compositions, and methods, described herein, without departing substantially from the essential features and concepts of the present invention. Accordingly, it should be clearly understood that the forms of the invention described herein are exemplary only and are not intended as limitations on the scope of the present invention as defined in the appended claims. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to certain fluorescent organosilicon compounds and to the use of such compounds for the treatment of hair. More particularly, the invention relates to aminofunctional siloxanes rendered fluorescent by reaction of the siloxanes with certain fluorescent labeling reagents. The molecules of certain inorganic and organic substances when irradiated with radiant energy of sufficient intensity and appropriate wavelength absorb energy and then these excited molecules immediately emit radiant energy of a longer wavelength. This phenomenon is called fluorescence. Fluorescence spectra are uniquely characteristic of the molecular energy levels of the molecules emitting the absorbed radiant energy. The intensity of this fluorescence is proportional to the concentration of the fluorescent substance. A spectrofluorometer or spectrophotometer equipped with a fluorescence attachment can be used to obtain the excitation spectrum and emission spectrum of a fluorescent substance. The fluorescence excitation spectrum is obtained by irradiating a sample with energy of different wavelengths while measuring the intensity of the emission fluorescence at a fixed wavelength. Numerous materials exhibit fluorescence including materials otherwise known as fluorescent dyes and pigments such as optical brighteners, fluorescent labeling reagents, laser dyes, and spin labels. These materials respond only to ultraviolet radiation in contrast to those materials otherwise known as daylight fluorescent pigments. Fluorescent organosilicon compounds are not new. For example, fluorescent aminofunctional polysiloxanes are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,866,152, issued Sep. 12, 1989. The fluorescent siloxanes in the '152 patent are formed by reacting the aminofunctional polyorganosiloxanes with certain optical brightening agents which are specifically fluorescent functional organosulfonic acids and fluorescent functional organoaldehydes. The compounds of the present invention, however, are not produced by employing optical brightening agents but rather fluorescent materials of a different nature such as fluorescent labeling reagents. Thus, new compositions are disclosed herein which are distinct from those compositions taught in the '152 patent. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to a fluorescent organosilicon compound derived from the reaction of an aminofunctional organopolysiloxane and a fluorescent labeling reagent. The invention is also directed to a fluorescent organosilicon compound derived from the reaction of an aminofunctional organopolysiloxane and a fluorescent labeling reagent in which the fluorescent labeling reagent is incorporated into the molecule of the aminofunctional organopolysiloxane by means of a sulfonamide linkage. The invention is further related to a method of treating hair by applying to the hair a fluorescent organosilicon compound derived from the reaction of an aminofunctional organopolysiloxane and a fluorescent labeling reagent, and including the step of examining the treated hair for fluorescence under ultraviolet light in order to determine the extensiveness of deposition of the fluorescent organosilicon compound. </SPEC><CLAIM>That which is claimed is: 1. 1. A method of treating hair comprising applying to the hair a fluorescent organosilicon compound derived from the reaction of an aminofunctional organopolysiloxane and a fluorescent labeling agent, the fluorescent labeling agent being a dansyl derivative. 2. 2. The method of claim 1 in which the fluorescent labeling reagent is selected from the group consisting of 1-dimethylaminonaphthalene-5-sulfonamidoethyltrimethylammonium perchlorate, N-1-dimethylaminonaphthalenesulfonyl aziridine, 5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl chloride, 5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl fluoride, and 5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl hydrazide. 3. 3. The method of claim 2 in which the fluorescent labeling reagent is 5-dimethylaminonaphthalene-1-sulfonyl chloride having the formula (CH.sub.3).sub.2 NC.sub.10 H.sub.6 SO.sub.2 Cl. 4. 4. The method of claim 1 in which the aminofunctional organopolysiloxane includes a plurality of independently selected units of the formula ##STR7## wherein X is an amine-functional organic group bearing at least one --NHR" group, in which R" is hydrogen or an alkyl radical having 1 to 6 carbon atoms, R is a group selected from alkyl, cycloalkyl, haloalkyl, aromatic or haloaromatic radicals, a has a value of 0, 1, 2, or 3, b has a value of 0, 1 or 2, and the sum (a+b) is less than 4, there being on average at least two X groups per molecule of said amine-functional organopolysiloxane. 5. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said R groups are independently selected from methyl, phenyl or 3,3,3-trifluoropropyl radicals. 6. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein said X group is represented by the formula --R'(NHCH.sub.2 CH.sub.2).sub.g NR"H in which R' is a divalent hydrocarbyl group having 3 to 6 carbon atoms, R" is selected from hydrogen or an alkyl radical having 1 to 6 carbon atoms and g is an integer having a value of zero to 4. 7. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein said organopolysiloxane is selected from linear copolymers having the average structure ##STR8## in which the average value of x can vary from zero to about 1000 and the average value of y can vary from 2 to about 100. 8. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein said R groups are independently selected from methyl, phenyl or 3,3,3-trifluoropropyl radicals. 9. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein said X group is represented by the formula --R'(NHCH.sub.2 CH.sub.2).sub.g NR"H in which R' is a divalent hydrocarbyl group having 3 to 6 carbon atoms, R" is selected from hydrogen or an alkyl radical having 1 to 6 carbon atoms and g is an integer having a value of zero to 4. 10. 10. The method of claim 1 including the step of examining the treated hair for fluorescence under ultraviolet light in order to determine the extensiveness of deposition of the fluorescent organosilicon compound.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176907</DOCNO><APP-NO>744291</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910813</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176907</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K 31/74</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 7808</PRI-USPC><CITATION>3153013/19641000	4268633/19810500	4298709/19811100</CITATION><INVENTOR>Leong; Kam W.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Biocompatible and biodegradable poly (phosphoester-urethanes)</TITLE><ABST>Biocompatible and biodegradable poly(phosphoester-urethanes), compositions comprising the poly(phosphoester-urethanes), and methods of use as a drug delivery device and an implant.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION This invention is directed to poly(phosphoester-urethanes) useful as prostheses and as therapeutic agent delivery vehicles and devices. The polymers are biodegradable because of the hydrolyzable phosphoester, or P(O)--O--C bond, in the backbone. In accordance with a process employed for the preparation of the instant polymers, a prepolymer of formula (II) is first formed by reacting a diisocyanate of formula (III) and a diol of formula (IV) as set forth below. ##STR3## In the above formulae (II), (III), and (IV), R.sub.1 and R.sub.2 are each as defined previously. The diol (IV) is condensed with substantially two equivalents of the diisocyanate (III). This and the subsequent condensations are normally carried out in a reaction-inert solvent in which both the reactants are miscible. Preferred organic solvents for use in condensation include N,N-dimethylacetamide, N,N-dimethylformamide, dimethylsulfoxide, and tetrahydrofuran. The temperature of condensation is preferably from about 60.degree. to about 120.degree. C., preferably from about 100.degree. to about 110.degree. C. When R.sub.1 is C.sub.2 -C.sub.20 alkylene, the diisocyanate (III) is preferably 2,2,4-trimethylhexamethylene diisocyanate. When R.sub.1 is C.sub.6 -C.sub.20 arylene, the diisocyanate (III) is preferably 1,5-naphthalene diisocyanate. When R.sub.1 is C.sub.6 -C.sub.20 cycloalkylene, the diisocyanate (III) is preferably selected from 1,6-hexane diisocyanate, methylene bis(p-cyclohexyl isocyanate), and isophorone diisocyanate. When R.sub.1 is C.sub.7 -C.sub.20 aralkylene, the diisocyanate (III) is preferably selected from 2,4-toluene diisocyanate (2,4 TDI), 2,6-toluene diisocyanate (2,6 TDI), methylene bis-(P-phenylisocyanate) (MDI, also known as 4,4'-diphenylmethane diisocyanate), and 3,3'-bitoluene diisocyanate. When R.sub.1 is a divalent residue of an amino acid, an amino acid derivative or an amino acid mimetic which provides two terminal amino groups, the diisocyanate (III) is preferably derived from basic amino acids such as lysine, hydroxyllysine, and arginine. Alkyl 2,6-diisocyanatohexanoate (e.g., ethyl 2,6-diisocynatohexanoate; LDI), which is obtainable from L-lysine, is particularly preferred. When R.sub.2 is C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 polyalkylene having a molecular weight of from about 500 to 2000, R.sub.2 is preferably polyisobutylene. When R.sub.2 is C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 polyalkenylene having a molecular weight of from about 500 to 2000, R.sub.2 is preferably 1,4-polybutadiene. When R.sub.2 is (R.sub.3 O).sub.I, wherein R.sub.3 is C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 alkylene, the diol (IV) is preferably selected from poly-(ethylene glycol) [or PEG], poly-(propylene-1,2-glycol), poly-(propylene-1,3-glycol), poly-(tetramethylene-1,4-glycol), poly-(pentamethylene-1,5-glycol), and poly-(hexamethylene-1,6-glycol). Within this group of diols, the molecular weight of the diols is preferably from about 500 to about 1000. Especially preferred individual diols are poly-(ethylene glycol) and poly-(tetramethylene-1,4-glycol). When R.sub.2 is (R.sub.3 O).sub.I, wherein R.sub.3 is acyl having from 2 to 6 carbons, the diol (IV) is preferably poly(caprolactonediol). When R.sub.2 is C.sub.7 -C.sub.20 aralkylene, the diol (IV) is preferably selected from bisphenol-A (4,4'-isopropylidene diphenol) and 1,4-benzene dimethanol. The thus-formed prepolymer (II) is then condensed with a substantially equivalent portion of a chain extender of formula (V). ##STR4## wherein n is an integer of from 2 to 6, preferably 2. Condensation is carried out substantially under the same conditions as those used for the preparation of the prepolymer (II) until a degree of condensation (m) of from about 10 to about 10.sup.5 is achieved. Typically, the condensation is terminated by quenching with water within a few hours. The novel poly-(phosphoester-urethane) of formula (I) wherein R is hydrogen, can thus be obtained and also isolated in a standard manner (e.g., filtration followed by washing with deionized water, and drying). In an alternative version of the polymerization, the poly-(phosphoester-urethanes) may be prepared by simultaneously mixing together the diisocyanate (III), the diol (IV), and the chain extender (V). The poly-(phosphoester-urethanes) (I) are readily converted to implantable biomedical devices by established techniques such as extrusion, injection molding, and dip casting. In one aspect of the invention, an alkyl having C.sub.1 -C.sub.12 can be attached to the polymer backbone at the phosphorous atom of the polymer (I) according to standard methods known in the art. See, Penczek, et al., Pure & Applied Chem., 56:1309, 1984. In a particular aspect of the invention, a therapeutic agent is introduced into the poly-(phosphoester-urethane) (I) wherein R is hydrogen, by covalently binding a radical of the therapeutic agent to the phosphorous atom of the polymer (I). A typical reaction using 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) is illustrated as follows: ##STR5## The above reaction involves silyl enolization of the 2,4-keto positions of 5-FU, followed by desilylation to render the 3 nitrogen atom of 5-FU attached to the phosphorous atom of the polymer (I). The coupling of the 5-FU molecule is typically carried out in dichloromethane by combining the polymer (I), wherein R is hydrogen, and a disilylated 5-FU of formula (VI) in the presence of triethylamine at ambient temperature for about 48 hours. The resultant polymer of formula (VII) can be isolated by conventional means (e.g., precipitation). It will be realized that the above sequence is merely illustrative of a method adapted for use with a particular therapeutic agent, and that any therapeutic agent bearing a suitable reactive site can be chemically appended to the phosphorous atom of the polymer (I) according to standard techniques known in medicinal chemistry. The term "therapeutic agent" used herein includes, without limitation, drugs, radioisotopes, immunomodulators, and lectins. Similar substances are within the skill of the art. The term "individual" includes human as well as non-human animals. The drugs which can be employed in the invention include non-proteinaceous as well as proteinaceous drugs. The term "non-proteinaceous drugs" encompasses compounds which are classically referred to as drugs such as, for example, 5-FU, mitomycin C, daunorubicin, vinblastine, AZT, and hormones. Similar substances are within the skill of the art. Such substances include, but are not restricted to analgesics, anorexics, anthelmintics, antibacterials, anticonvulsants, antifungals, antidepressants, antibiotics, antihistamines, antiulcer drugs, antihypertensives, bronchodilators, immunosuppressants, antiinflammatories and blood glucose lowering agents. The proteinaceous drugs which can be employed in the invention include immunomodulators and other biological response modifiers. The term "biological response modifiers" is meant to encompass substances which are involved in modifying the immune response in such manner as to enhance the particular desired therapeutic effect, for example, the destruction of tumor cells. Examples of immune response modifiers include such compounds as lymphokines. Examples of lymphokines include tumor necrosis factor, interleukins, lymphotoxin, macrophage activating factor, migration inhibition factor, colony stimulating factor and interferons. The interferons which can be used include alpha-interferon, beta-interferon, and gamma-interferon and their subtypes. In addition, peptide or polysaccharide fragments derived from these proteinaceous drugs, or independently, can also be incorporated. Also, encompassed by the term "biological response modifiers" are substances generally referred to as vaccines wherein a foreign substance, usually a pathogenic organism or some fraction thereof, is used to modify the host immune response with respect to the pathogen to which the vaccine relates. Those of skill in the art will know, or can readily ascertain, other substances which can act as proteinaceous drugs. In using radioisotopes certain isotopes may be more preferable than others depending on such factors, for example, as tumor distribution and mass as well as isotope stability and emission. Depending on the type of malignancy present some emitters may be preferable to others. In general, alpha and beta particle-emitting radioisotopes are preferred in immunotherapy. For example, if an animal has solid tumor foci a high energy beta emitter capable of penetrating several millimeters of tissue, such as .sup.90 Y, may be preferable. On the other hand, if the malignancy consists of single target cells, as in the case of leukemia, a short range, high energy alpha emitter such as .sup.212 Bi may be preferred. Examples of radioisotopes which can be incorporated in the compositions of the invention for therapeutic purposes are .sup.125 I, .sup.131 I, .sup.90 Y, .sup.67 Cu, .sup.212 Bi, .sup.211 At, .sup.212 Pb, .sup.47 Sc, .sup.109 Pd and .sup.188 Re. Other radioisotopes which can be incorporated into the compositions of the invention are within the skill in the art. Lectins are proteins, usually isolated from plant material, which bind to specific sugar moieties. Many lectins are also able to agglutinate cells and stimulate lymphocytes. Other therapeutic agents which can be used therapeutically with the biodegradable compositions of the invention are known, or can be easily ascertained, by those of ordinary skill in the art. The term "therapeutically effective" as it pertains to the compositions of this invention means that the therapeutic agent is present at concentrations sufficient to achieve a particular medical effect for which the therapeutic agent is intended. Examples, without limitation, of desirable medical effects which can be attained are chemotherapy, antibiotic therapy, birth control, and regulation of metabolism. "Therapeutic-agent bearing" as it applies to the compositions of this invention denotes that the composition incorporates a therapeutic agent which is 1) not bound to the polymeric matrix, or 2) pendently bound to the polymeric matrix. When the therapeutic agent is not bound to the matrix, then it is merely physically dispersed with the polymer matrix. When the therapeutic agent is pendently attached, it is chemically linked, for example, by ionic or covalent bonding, to the phosphorous atom of the polymer backbone. The therapeutic agent is released as the matrix biodegrades. The drug can also be released by diffusion through the polymeric matrix. In the pendant system, the drug is released as the polymer-drug bond is cleaved at the bodily tissue. The concentration of therapeutic agent in the composition will vary with the nature of the agent and its physiological role and desired therapeutic effect. Thus, for example, the concentration of a hormone used in providing birth control as a therapeutic effect will likely be different from the concentration of an anti-tumor drug in which the therapeutic effect is to ameliorate a cell-proliferative disease. In any event, the desired concentration in a particular instance for a particular therapeutic agent is readily ascertainable by one of skill in the art. The therapeutic agent loading level for a composition of the invention can vary, for example, on whether the therapeutic agent is pendently bound to the poly(phosphoester-urethane). For those compositions in which the therapeutic agent is not bound to the backbone matrix, in which the agent is physically dispersed with the poly(phosphoester-urethane), the concentration of agent will typically not exceed 50 wt %. For compositions in which the therapeutic agent is pendently bound to the polymeric matrix, the drug loading level is up to the stoichiometric ratio of agent per monomeric unit. The poly-(phosphoester-urethane) of this invention show favorable mechanical strength because of the high molecular weights obtainable. The molecular weight of the polymer is not critical. However, the molecular weight can preferably range from about 2,000 to about 10.sup.6, containing from about 10 to about 100,000 monomeric units. Higher molecular weight leads to transparency, and film and fiber properties. It has also been observed that the P--O--C group provides a plasticizing effect, which lowers the glass transition temperature of the polymer and confers solubility in organic solvents. Both effects are desirable for fabrication of the instant composition. The term "transient structural prosthesis" when used to describe the compositions of this invention means a prosthesis which is biodegradable with time and provides a structural function and support in a subject receiving implantation such as, for example, as a vascular graft, suture and bone plate. A poly(phosphoester-urethane) composition of the invention can function simultaneously both as a transient structural prosthesis and as a therapeutic agent-bearing composition. An example of this would be a suture bearing a therapeutic agent such as, for example, an antibiotic, or, alternatively, a bone plate incorporating a growth factor. A novel advantage of the polymers of the invention is the availability of a bonding site which allows the chemical linkage of therapeutic agents to the polymer backbone. For example, drugs with carboxyl groups can be coupled to the phosphorous atom via an ester bond, which itself is hydrolyzable. The rate of therapeutic agent release will then be dependent on the hydrolytic cleavage of the polymer therapeutic agent conjugate. This pendant delivery system has the advantage of attaining a high drug loading level. Therapeutic agents which exist in the liquid state can also be accommodated. All of the compositions useful as prostheses or implants are synthetic poly(phosphoester-urethane) compositions which share such characteristics as predictable and controllable degradation rates, biocompatibility and biodegradability, mechanical strength, and ease of fabrication. The rate of biodegradation of the poly(phosphoester-urethane) compositions of the invention may also be controlled by varying the hydrophobicity of the polymer. The mechanism of predictable degradation preferably relies on either group R.sub.1 and R.sub.2 in the polymer backbone being hydrophobic, for example, an aromatic structure, or, alternatively, if the group R.sub.1 is not hydrophobic, for example, an aliphatic group, then the group R.sub.2 is preferably aromatic. The rates of degradation for each poly(phosphoester-urethane) composition are generally predictable and constant at a single pH. This permits the compositions to be introduced into the individual at a variety of tissue sites. This is especially valuable in that a wide variety of compositions and devices to meet different, but specific, applications may be composed and configured to meet specific demands, dimensions, and shapes--each of which offers individual, but different, predictable periods for degradation. Biodegradation of the poly(phosphoester-urethanes) produces a segment with one end terminated by amine. The biodegradated segment may further break down to a diamine of the formula H.sub.2 N--R.sub.1 --NH.sub.2. Where an aromatic diisocyanate (I) such as methylenediphenyl diisocyanate is used, the suspected toxic, carcinogenic methylenedianiline may be released in vivo. On the other hand, amino acid-derived diisocyanetes degrades in vivo to release non-toxic degradation products. For this reason, in the practice of this invention, the diisocyanetes (III) where R.sub.1 is derived from L-lysine is particularly preferred compared to those wherein R.sub.1 is C.sub.6 -C.sub.20 arylene. When the composition of the invention is used for long term delivery of a therapeutic agent, a relatively hydrophobic backbone matrix, for example, containing bisphenol A, is preferred. It is possible to enhance the degradation rate of the poly(phosphoester-urethane) or shorten the functional life of the device, by introducing hydrophilic or polar groups, into the backbone matrix. Further, the introduction of methylene groups into the backbone matrix will usually increase the flexibility of the backbone and decrease the crystallinity of the polymer. Conversely, to obtain a more rigid backbone matrix, for example, when used orthopedically, an aromatic structure, such as a diphenyl group, can be incorporated into the matrix. Also, the poly(phosphoester-urethanes) can be crosslinked, for example, using 1,3,5-trihydroxybenzene or (CH.sub.2 OH).sub.4 C, to enhance the modulus of the polymer. The entire class of poly(phosphoester-urethane) are biocompatible and biodegradable. In view of their intended function as a therapeutic agent-bearing implant or prosthesis to be introduced into a subject in vivo, it is desirable that these compositions be essentially non-inflammatory, and non-immunogenic. The use of the poly(phosphoester-urethane) of this invention as an implant which also functions as a therapeutic agent-bearing polymeric composition, for example, subcutaneously or in various body cavities, is particularly useful in cases where chronic administration of drug over periods ranging from days to years is required. Examples of drugs which can be used in this manner include insulin for diabetes, pilocarpine for glaucoma, immune agents for various diseases and allergies, contraceptive steroids, narcotic antagonists, antibiotics, anticancer, and antihypertensive drugs. Subcutaneous implantation is currently one of the most popular routes used for sustained drug delivery. This is partly due to the simplicity of the surgical procedures involved in implantation and removal, and the relatively favorable absorption site offered compared to the oral or percutaneous routes. Surgery could be viewed as a disadvantage, however, depending on the patient and the location and frequency of implantation. It can be avoided in some cases by injecting the implant directly into subcutaneous tissue, provided the implant is capable of being delivered through a syringe. This is the method used for many of the sustained-release insulin products. Implantation using a syringe is particularly effective when the composition of the invention is in the form of microspheres which can be suspended in a pharmaceutical buffer and introduced via the syringe to the desired site. For example, compositions in the form of microspheres incorporating cortisone could be injected into the region of an inflammatory joint or muscle. The use of the biodegradable polymers of this invention to act as a matrix for the release of a therapeutic agent from subcutaneously implanted compositions offers several advantages over prior art compositions. The most obvious is that no surgical removal of the device is necessary after it has fulfilled its function. Also, an additional mechanism for release of drug is provided by degradation. Complete delivery and, thus, maximal absorption occurs after the device has degraded. Biodegradable subcutaneous implants can also be used, for example, for the delivery of narcotic antagonists, steroids, and anticancer agents. Narcotic antagonists, such as naltrexone, cyclazocine, and naloxone, are therapeutically useful in the postdetoxification stage of rehabilitation of drug-dependent patients. Steroids which can be used include contraceptives (for example, progesterone), anti-inflammatory agents (for example, dexamethasone), and anabolics (for example, estradiol). Anticancer agents which can be used include 5-FU, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and cisplatin. Intravaginal implants are used for the sustained released of contraceptive steroid hormones due to the more favorable site of absorption offered by the vaginal mucosa relative to the oral route for these drugs. First-pass hepatic metabolism, which inactivates many steroid hormones, and gastrointestinal incompatibility are avoided by using the vaginal route. In addition, the vaginal route allows self-insertion ensuring better patient compliance. More stable poly(phosphoesterurethane) are preferred in this usage. The intrauterine device (IUD) is one of the more popular methods of contraception which can utilize the compositions of the invention. Initial investigations involving nonmedicated IUDs revealed that the larger the device, the more effective it was in preventing pregnancy. Unfortunately, large devices caused increased incidences of uterine cramps, bleeding, and expulsion. The effort to improve intrauterine contraception and avoid previously demonstrated side effects has led to the development of medicated IUDs. More stable poly(phosphoester-urethane) are preferred in this usage. Two classes of agents have been used in IUDs of this type: contraceptive metals, such as copper, and steroid hormones, such as progesterone. The compositions of this invention are also useful in the treatment of glaucoma. Chronic open-angle glaucoma usually requires therapy for the lifetime of the patient with a miotic agent such as pilocarpine, for control of intraocular pressure. Conventional pilocarpine therapy requires installation of eyedrops four times a day. Hence, compositions of the invention incorporating an anti-glaucoma agent such as pilocorpine would require less frequent and more sustained administration. The compositions of the invention, when the therapeutic agent is dispersed in the polymer matrix, may contain pharmaceutically acceptable excipients selected with regard to standard pharmaceutical practice. Excipients typically used for this purpose include lactose, sucrose, calcium lactate, magnesium stearate, ethyl cellulose and ethylene vinyl acetate copolymer. In addition to the embodiments described above, compositions comprising the poly(phosphoester-urethane) of the invention can be used for agricultural purposes. This can be accomplished by substituting for the therapeutic agent, without limitation, a pesticide, a plant growth hormone, a fungicide, a fertilizer, and the like, others of which are known or readily ascertainable to those of skill in the art. The above disclosure generally describes the present invention. A further understanding can be obtained by reference to the following specific examples which are provided herein for purposes of illustration only, and are not intended to be limiting unless otherwise specified. EXAMPLE 1 GENERAL POLYMER SYNTHESIS PROCEDURES Chemicals were purchased from Aldrich chemical company as received unless otherwise noted: 1,1,1,3,3,3-hexamethyl disilazane, ethylene glycol, triphosgene, poly(ethylene oxide) (MW=600), poly(tetramethylene oxide) (MW=1000), poly(caprolatonediol) (MW=530), toluene diisocyanate (TDI), anhydrous ethanol (Barker Analyzed), L-lysine monohydride (Sigma) and methylene bis-4-phenyl isocyanate (MDI) (Kodak). Ethyl ether (Barker Analyzer), triethylamine and Dimethyl acetamide were respectively dried with sodium, calcium hydride and barium oxide overnight, and then distilled. Thionyl chloride and diethylphosphite were distilled before use. Bis(2-hydroxyethyl)phosphate (BEP) and ethyl 2,6-diisocyanatohexanoate (LDI) were prepared according to PREPARATIONS 1 and 2, respectively. Chemical structure of monomers and intermediates was confirmed by FT-IR (Perkin Elmer 1600) and FT-NMR (Varian XL400). Molecular weight distribution of polymers was assessed by gel permeation chromatograph (GPC) and intrinsic viscosity. The GPC was performed in a Hewlett-Packard 1090M system equipped with a diode array and a refractive index refractometer. Samples were eluted through three PL-Gel columns in series at 40.degree. C. Polystyrene standards were used to calibrate the system. The intrinsic viscosity measurements were done in Fenske viscometers in DMF at 30.degree. C. The thermal properties of the polymers were analyzed by DSC on a Mettler TA3000 system at a heating rate of 10.degree. C./minute under nitrogen after thermal history of the samples was erased in preliminary heating cycles. Into a 1000 ml round bottom flask constantly purged by nitrogen were added 200 ml of dried demethylacetamide and 11.5 g of poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) with a molecular weight of approximately 400. The PEG was predried at 60.degree. C. at a vacuum oven (3 mm Hg) for 24 hours. Fourteen grams of freshly distilled 4,4'-diphenylmethane diisocyanate was then added to the solution which was agitated by a magnetic stirrer. The solution was heated to 100.degree. C. in 30 minutes and allowed to react for 2 hours. After a brief cooling at room temperature, a solution of 4.9 g of freshly prepared bis(2-hydroxyethyl)phosphite in 20 ml of dimethylacetamide was quickly added to the stirred viscous prepolymer solution. The reaction mixture was then heated to 120.degree. C. and allowed to react for 3 hours, again under agitation and nitrogen purge. At the end of the reaction, the mixture was cooled to room temperature and quenched slowly into 1500 ml of rigorously agitated ice cold distilled water over a period of 15 minutes. The product in the form of the white powder was filtered and washed further with 1000 ml of cold distilled water. The polymer was air dried for 24 hours and then vacuum dried for 48 hours at 60.degree. C. and 3 mm Hg. The polymer was stored in a desiccator. EXAMPLE 2 The reaction and isolation procedures of Example 1 were repeated with the following reactants and amounts: 10 g(0.056 mole)TDI, 11.5 g(0.028 mole)PEG in initial condensation reaction at 100.degree. C.; 4.9 g(0.028 mole)BEP in second condensatin reaction at 120.degree. C. The polymer so produced was obtained in 80% yield and had an intrinsic viscosity of 1.10 dl/g(in chloroform at 30.degree. C.). The polymer was coded as PPU-2. EXAMPLE 3 The reaction and isolation procedures of Example 1 were repeated with the following reactants and amounts: 10 g(0.056 mole)TDI, 4.9 g(0.028 mole)BEP in initial condensation reaction at 100.degree. C.; 4.9 g(0.028 mole)BEP in second condensation reaction at 120.degree. C. The polymer so produced was obtained in 90% yield and had viscosity similar to that of the polymer of Example 1. The polymer was coded as PPU-1. EXAMPLE 4 The reaction and isolation procedures of Example 1 were repeated with the following reactants and amounts: 10 g(0.056 mole)TDI, 6.6 g(0.028 mole)bisphenol-A in initial condensation reaction at 100.degree. C.; 4.9 g(0.028 mole)BEP in second condensation reaction at 120.degree. C. The polymer so produced was obtained in 80% yield and had an intrinsic viscosity of 0.92 dl/g(in chloroform at 30.degree. C.). The polymer was coded as PPU-3. EXAMPLE 5 The reaction and isolation procedures of Example 1 were repeated with the following reactants and amounts: 10 g(0.056 mole)TDI, 2.45 g(0.014 mole)PEG, 3.3 g (0.014 mole) bisphenol-A in initial condensation reaction at 100.degree. C.; 4.9 g(0.028 mole)BEP in second condensation reaction at 120.degree. C. The polymer so produced had an intrisic viscosity of 0.50 dl/g (in chloroform at 30.degree. C.). The polymer was coded as PPU-4. EXAMPLE 6 The reaction and isolation procedures of Example 1 were repeated with the following reactants and amounts: 10 g(0.056 mole)TDI, 28.7 g(0.028 mole)poly(tetramethyle-1,4-glycol) in initial condensation reaction at 100.degree. C.; 4.9 g(0.028 mole)BEP in second condensation reaction at 120.degree. C. The polymer so produced was obtained in 90% yield and had an intrinsic viscosity of 1.95 dl/g (in chloroform at 30.degree. C.). The polymer was coded as PPU-6. EXAMPLE 7 The reaction and isolation procedures of Example 1 were repeated with the following reactants and amounts: 14.4 g(0.056 mole)MDI, 2.45 g(0.014 mole)BEP, 5.75 (0.014 mole)PEG in initial condensation reaction at 100.degree. C.; 4.9 g(0.028 mole)BEP in second condensation reaction at 120.degree. C. The polymer so produced was obtained in 75% yield and had viscosity similar to that of the polymer of Example 1. The polymer was coded as PPU-7. EXAMPLE 8 The reaction and isolation procedures of Example 1 were repeated with the following reactants and amounts: 14.4 g(0.056 mole)MDI, 4.9 g(0.028 mole)BEP in initial condensation reaction at 100.degree. C.; 4.9 g(0.028 mole)BEP in second condensation reaction at 120.degree. C. The polymer so produced was obtained in 85% yield and had viscosity similar to that of the polymer of Example 1. The polymer was coded as PPU-8. EXAMPLE 9 The reaction and isolation procedures of Example 1 were repeated with the following reactants and amounts: 13 g(0.056 mole)LDI, 11.5 g(0.028 mole)PEG in initial condensation reaction at 100.degree. C.; 2.45 g(0.014 mole)BEP, 1.98 g(0.014 mole)1.4-benzenedimethanol in second condensation reaction at 120.degree. C. The polymer so produced had a Mw of 6.38.times.10.sup.6 and an intrinsic viscosity of 1.25 dl/g (in chloroform at 30.degree. C.). The polymer was coded as PLU-1. EXAMPLE 10 The reaction and isolation procedures of Example 1 were repeated with the following reactants and amounts: 13 g(0.056 mole)LDI, 40 g(0.028 mole)polycaprolactonediol in initial condensation reaction at 100.degree. C.; 2.45 g(0.014 mole)BEP, 1.98 g(0.014 mole)1.4-benzenedimethanol in second condensation reaction at 120.degree. C. The polymer so produced had a Mw of 7.4.times.10.sup.6. The polymer was coded as PLU-2. EXAMPLE 11 The reaction and isolation procedures of Example 1 were repeated with the following reactants and amounts: 13 g(0.056 mole)LDI, 28.7 g(0.028 mole)PTMO in initial condensation reaction at 100.degree. C.; 2.45 g(0.014 mole)BEP, 1.98 g(0.014 mole)1,4-benzenedimethanol in second condensation reaction at 120.degree. C. The polymer so produced had a Mw of 6.6.times.10.sup.6. The polymer was coded as PLU-5. EXAMPLE 12 PREPARATION OF PENDANT 5-FLUOROURACIL POLYMER A mixture of 5-FU (7 g) and 1,1,1,3,3,3-hexamethyldisilazane (30 ml) were heated at reflux temperature for 20 hours in the presence of a catalytic amount of ammonium sulphate to derivatize 5-FU. Evaporation of the mixture under reduced pressure resulted in the formation of 2,4-bis-o-trimethylsilyl-5-fluorouracil. To obtain the final polymer-drug conjugate, the poly(phosphoester-urethane) [PPU-7] prepared according to the procedures of Example 7 (5 g) in methylene chloride (20 ml) was reacted with the 5-FU derivative in the presence of a stoichiometric amount of pyridine. After stirring for 18 hours at room temperature, 15 ml of methanol was added. After evaporation of the solvent, the residue was redissolved in dimethyl formamide and repeatedly precipitated into acetone, affording the desired polymer. EXAMPLE 13 HYDROLYTIC STABILITY Polymers derived from TDI (Examples 4-6; PPU-3, PPU-4, PPU-6) were subjected to an in vitro degradation test where the hydrolytic stability of each polymer was compared. The degradation experiments were conducted in 0.1M phosphate buffer (pH 7.4). The polymers were compression molded into discs (1 cm.times.1 mm), placed in 50 ml of pH 7.4 buffer, and incubated at 37.degree. C. The release kinetics were followed by measuring the concentrations of the buffer solution by HPLC. The weight loss of the discs as a function of time was also recorded. The results are illustrated in FIG. 1. A similar test was conducted with polymers derived from LDI (Examples 9-11; PLU-1, PLU-2, PLU-5). These polymers were placed in pH 7.4 phosphate buffer at 37.degree. C. for 7 days and their weight losses recorded. The results are shown in FIG. 2. Although all polymers experience substantial mass loss, PLU-1 (Example 9) undergoes degradation to a greater extent than the other two polymers. This is due to the presence of a polycaprolactone unit in the molecule, which is susceptible to hydrolysis. EXAMPLE 14 IN VITRO DRUG RELEASE FROM NON-PENDANT POLYMERS In a drug release experiment, an LDI based polyurethane prepared according to the procedure of Example 10 (PLU-2) was used. Methotrexate was incorporated in the polymer by solvent casting from dimethylformamide. After removal of the solvent in a vacuum oven for about 48 hours, samples were punched out from a polymer sheet by a corkborer. Typically, a 10 w/w% drug loading was used. Release experiments were conducted in a 0.1M pH 7.4 phosphate buffer containing 0.02 wt % of gentamicin sulfate to inhibit bacterial growth. The drug-loaded matrices were placed in 10 ml of buffer in 20 ml vials and incubated at 37.degree. C. The release kinetics were followed by measuring the concentrations of the buffer solutions by UV spectroscopy. To approximate perfect sink conditions, the frequency of replacement of the buffer solutions was adjusted during the course of the release study to ensure that the drug concentration in buffer was below 20% of its saturation value. The in vitro release of methotrexate from the polymer was thus determined as a function of time. The results of the test, as shown in FIG. 3, indicate that the release rate is diffusion-controlled. EXAMPLE 15 IN VITRO DRUG RELEASE FROM PENDANT POLYMERS In a drug release experiment, an MDI based polyurethane prepared according to the procedure of EXAMPLE 12 was used. The polymer incorporates 5-FU pendently bound to the polymeric matrix. In in vitro release studies conducted under conditions similar to those described in EXAMPLE 14, a sustained release of 5-FU was observed for as long as 30 days and chemical integrity of the 5-FU was confirmed by HPLC. The results of the test are illustrated in FIG. 4. PREPARATION 1 Bis(2-hydroxyethyl) phosphite The title compound was synthesized by adapting the procedures of Barisov and Troev [European Polym. J. 9: 1077, 1973]. A molar ratio of 4:1 of ethylene glycol (73 ml; 1.3 mole) to diethylphosphite (43 ml; 0.22 mole) was placed in a round bottom flask equipped with a reflux condenser and a thermometer. A two ml fresh solution of sodium methoxide was added dropwise through a dropping funnel over a period of 2 minutes. The reaction mixture was kept at 135.degree.-140.degree. C. until the theoretical amount of ethanol was removed. The temperature was then raised to 152.degree. C., while a vacuum of 20 mm Hg was applied for 3 hours to remove the unreacted ethylene glycol and impurities. The product obtained after work-up was a colorless viscous liquid. PREPARATION 2 Ethyl 2,6-diisocyanatohexanoate The procedures of Katsarava et al. [Dokl. Akad. Nauk USSR 281: 591, 1985] were modified and used. L-lysine was converted to lysine ethyl ester by refluxing a mixture of 50 g of L-lysine monohydrochloride, 20 ml of thionyl chloride, and 300 ml of anhydrous ethanol. When the reaction mixture turned clear (after approximately 4 hours of reflux) excess ethanol was distilled off to yield the solid L-lysine ethyl ester. The L-lysine ester was then recrystallized in ethanol. Then, 25 g of L-lysine ethyl ester and 200 ml of 1,1,1,3,3,3-hexamethyldisilazane were placed in a round bottom flask with a condenser protected by a drying tube. While agitated, the suspension was maintained at 120.degree. C. for 24 hours or more until the mixture turned clear. The excess 1,1,1,3,3,3-hexamethyldisilazane was removed and the crude product purified by vacuum distillation at 100.degree. C. and 0.1 mmHg to yield a colorless liquid. Twenty five ml of the purified bis(trimethylsilyl)L-lysine was dissolved in 200 ml of anhydrous ethyl ether in the presence of 19.4 ml of triethylamine. While the mixture was cooled at -20.degree. C., 15 g of triphosgene dissolved in 100 ml of anhydrous ethyl ether was added dropwise over a period of 30 minutes. The mixture was warmed to room temperature in 2 hours and let reacted for 40 hours. After the triethylamine hydrochloride was removed by filtration, the solution was evaporated to dryness. The residue was then purified by distillation at 120.degree. C. and 0.1 mmHg. The typical yield of ethyl 2,6-diisocyanatohexanoate from L-lysine monohydrochloride was 50%. The invention now being fully described, it will be apparent to one of ordinary skill in the art that many changes and modifications can be made without departing form the spirit or scope of the invention. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION This invention was in part made with grants awarded by the Whitaker Foundation and the National Institute for Health (EY07701). FIELD OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to biocompatible and biodegradable poly-(phosphoesterurethanes) and methods of using these polymers. DESCRIPTION OF THE BACKGROUND ART Many polymeric materials have been used as components of devices for diagnosis or therapy, where they have had a significant impact on the clinical success of implant technology. These materials have been used, for example, as orthopedic devices, ventricular shunts, drug-carriers, contact lens', heart valves, sutures, and burn dressings. These polymers can be non-biodegradable or biodegradable. In traditional drug delivery, it has long been recognized that tablets, capsules, and injections may not be the best mode of administration. These conventional routes often involve frequent and repeated doses, resulting in a "peak and valley" pattern of therapeutic agent concentration. Since each therapeutic agent has a therapeutic range above which it is toxic and below which it is ineffective, a fluctuating therapeutic agent concentration may cause alternating periods of ineffectiveness and toxicity. For this reason, controlled release provides a way of maintaining the therapeutic agent level within the desired therapeutic range for the duration of treatment. Using a polymeric carrier is one effective means to deliver the therapeutic agent locally and in a controlled fashion (Langer, et al., Rev. Macro. Chem. Phys., C23(1), 61, 1983). Such systems require less total drug and, as a result, systemic side effects can be minimized. Polymers have been used as carriers of therapeutic agents to effect a localized and sustained release (Controlled Drug Delivery, Vol. I and II, Bruck, S.D., (ed.), CRC Press, Boca Raton, Fla., 1983; Leong, et al., Adv. Drug Delivery Review, 1:199, 1987). These therapeutic agent delivery systems simulate infusion and offer the potential of enhanced therapeutic efficacy and reduced systemic toxicity. For a non-biodegradable matrix, the steps leading to release of the therapeutic agent are water diffusion into the matrix, dissolution of the therapeutic agent, and out-diffusion of the therapeutic agent through the channels of the matrix. As a consequence, the mean residence time of the therapeutic agent existing in the soluble state is longer for a non-biodegradable matrix than for a biodegradable matrix where a long passage through the channels is no longer required. Since many pharmaceuticals have short half-lives it is likely that the therapeutic agent is decomposed or inactivated inside the non-biodegradable matrix before it can be released. This issue is particularly significant for many bio-macromolecules and smaller polypeptides, since these molecules are generally unstable in buffer and have low permeability through polymers. In fact, in a non-biodegradable matrix, many bio-macromolecules will aggregate and precipitate, clogging the channels necessary for diffusion out of the carrier matrix. This problem is largely alleviated by using a biodegradable matrix which allows controlled release of the therapeutic agent. Biodegradable polymers differ from non-biodegradable polymers in that they are consumed or biodegraded during therapy. This usually involves breakdown of the polymer to its monomeric subunits, which should be biocompatible with the surrounding tissue. The life of a biodegradable polymer in vivo depends on its molecular weight and degree of cross-linking; the greater the molecular weight and degree of crosslinking, the longer the life. The most highly investigated biodegradable polymers are polylactic acid (PLA), polyglycolic acid (PGA), polyglycolic acid (PGA), copolymers of PLA and PGA, polyamides, and copolymers of polyamides and polyesters. PLA, sometimes referred to as polylactide, undergoes hydrolytic de-esterification to lactic acid, a normal product of muscle metabolism. PGA is chemically related to PLA and is commonly used for absorbable surgical sutures, as is the PLA/PGA copolymer. However, the use of PGA in controlled-release implants has been limited due to its low solubility in common solvents and subsequent difficulty in fabrication of devices. An advantage of a biodegradable material is the elimination of the need for surgical removal after it has fulfilled its mission. The appeal of such a material is more than simply for convenience. From a technical standpoint, a material which biodegrades gradually and is excreted over time can offer many unique advantages. A biodegradable therapeutic agent delivery system has several additional advantages: 1) the therapeutic agent release rate is amenable to control through variation of the matrix composition; 2) implantation can be done at sites difficult or impossible for retrieval; 3) delivery of unstable therapeutic agents is more practical. This last point is of particular importance in light of the advances in molecular biology and genetic engineering which have lead to the commercial availability of many potent bio-macromolecules. The short in vivo half-lives and low GI tract absorption of these polypeptides render them totally unsuitable for conventional oral or intravenous administration. Also, because these substances are often unstable in buffer, such polypeptides cannot be effectively delivered by pumping devices. In its simplest form, a biodegradable therapeutic agent delivery system consist of a dispersion of the drug solutes in a polymer matrix. The therapeutic agent is released as the polymeric matrix decomposes, or biodegrades into soluble products which are excreted from the body. Several classes of synthetic polymers, including polyesters (Pitt, et al., in Controlled Release of Bioactive Materials, R. Baker, Ed., Academic Press, New York, 1980); polyamides (Sidman, et al., Journal of Membrane Science, 7:227, 1979); polyurethanes (Maser, et al., Journal of Polymer Science, Polymer Symposium, 66:259, 1979); polyorthoesters (Heller, et al., Polymer Engineering Science, 21:727, 1981); and polyanhydrides (Leong, et al., Biomaterials, 7:364, 1986) have been studied for this purpose. All prior art biodegradable polymers possess some degree of imperfection such as weak mechanical strength, unfavorable degradation characteristics, toxicity, inflexibility, or fabrication difficulty. Although these biodegradable polymers have a broad range of potential utility, there is no one single material available that could satisfy all requirements imposed by different applications. Accordingly, there is a definite need to develop new biodegradable polymers. The biodegradable matrix of the invention finds broad utility as a transient prosthetic support in orthopedic applications. For centuries, physicians have attempted to repair and replace various components of the skeletal system. These attempts have utilized various kinds of materials including bone, ivory, collagen, wood, metals, alloys, ceramics, glasses, corals, carbons, polymers, and composites of materials as bone prostheses. Ideally, the bone prosthesis should be a material that is biologically inert, readily available, easily adaptable to the site in terms of shape and size, and replaceable by the host bone. Replacement of the prothesis by the host bone necessitates that the substitute be biodegradable. The different elastic moduli of the prior art prosthetic implants versus that of bone often causes cortical bone to atrophy. The theoretical advantage of gradual load transfer from the bone plate to the bone and the elimination of the need for surgical removal after the healing of a fracture would make an absorbable osteosynthetic material extremely useful. As a temporary support in a load-bearing area of an articular joint, a resorbable porous material also has the advantage of preventing further destruction of cartilage defects and promoting bone and cartilage-forming cells. Hence, a need exists for a biodegradable prosthesis of sufficient post-implantation strength and rigidity to provide structural support. European Patent Application 0386,757 (published Dec. 9, 1990), which is hereby incorporated by reference, discloses a new class of poly(phosphate esters). These polymers are biocompatible and biodegradable, and find application as prostheses, drug delivery devices, and other biomedical materials. Polyurethanes, because of their excellent mechanical strength and good blood and tissue compatibility, have been used in a number of prosthetic devices. Biodegradable polyurethanes have also attracted considerable interest, as described in Bruin P., et al., Biomaterials, 11:291, 1990. While such biodegradable polymers have promise for use in a controlled drug delivery device, these prior art polymers have been of limited usefulness because of their slow degradation rate. Consequently, the need for new polyurethane materials which can be used to fabricate prostheses or drug delivery devices continues to exist. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION This invention pertains to a biocompatible and biodegradable poly(phosphoester urethane) useful as a structural prosthesis and a therapeutic agent delivery vehicle as well as to methods for its manufacture and use. This invention also relates to a composition which comprises a biocompatible and biodegradable poly(phosphoester urethane) matrix, prepared in preselected dimensions and configurations, which predictably degrades in vivo into small molecules. The method of using the composition as an implant and prosthesis comprises the step of introducing a specifically configured composition into an individual in vivo at a predetermined site. The composition of the invention, through its transient in vivo presence, provides a matrix which persists for a period of time sufficient to achieve a medical effect, essentially lacks host toxicity upon degradation, provides mechanical strength, and is readily fabricated. Various aspects of this invention are practiced by the use of a biocompatible and biodegradable poly-(phosphoester-urethane) of the formula: ##STR1## wherein R is hydrogen, alkyl having C.sub.1 -C.sub.12, or a residue of a therapeutic agent capable of being released in a physiological environment; R.sub.1 is selected from the group consisting of C.sub.2 -C.sub.20 alkylene, C.sub.6 -C.sub.20 arylene, C.sub.7 -C.sub.20 aralkylene, C.sub.6 -C.sub.20 cycloalkylene, and a divalent residue of an amino acid, an amino acid derivative or an amino acid mimetic; R.sub.2 is selected from the group consisting of C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 polyalkylene having a molecular weight of from about 500 to about 2000, C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 polyalkenylene having a molecular weight of from about 500 to about 2000, C.sub.7 -C.sub.20 aralkylene, (R.sub.3 O).sub.I wherein R.sub.3 is C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 alkylene or acyl having from 2 to 6 carbons, and I is an integer of from 5 to 30, and ##STR2## wherein R.sub.4 is hydrogen or alkyl having C.sub.1 -C.sub.12 ; n is an integer of from 2 to 6; and m is an integer of from about 10 to about 10.sup.5. DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 compares the time-dependant degradation (as expressed in terms of mass loss) of various poly(phosphoester-urethanes) according to this invention. FIG. 2 compares the degradation (as expressed in terms of mass loss) of various poly(phosphoester-urethanes). FIG. 3 shows the in vitro release of methotrexate when incorporated within the matrix of a poly(phosphoester-urethane) according to this invention. FIG. 4 shows the in vitro release of 5-fluorouracil when attached to the backbone matrix of a poly(phosphoester-urethane) according to this invention.</SPEC><CLAIM>I claim: 1. 1. A biocompatible and biodegradable poly-(phosphoester-urethane) of the formula: ##STR6## wherein R is hydrogen, alkyl having C.sub.1 -C.sub.12, or a residue of a therapeutic agent capable of being released in a physiological environment; R.sub.1 is selected from the group consisting of C.sub.2 -C.sub.20 alkylene, C.sub.6 -C.sub.20 arylene, C.sub.7 -C.sub.20 aralkylene, C.sub.6 -C.sub.20 cycloalkylene, and a divalent residue of an amino acid, an amino acid derivative or an amino acid mimetic; R.sub.2 is selected from the group consisting of C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 polyalkylene having a molecular weight of from about 500 to about 2000, C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 polyalkenylene having a molecular weight of from about 500 to about 2000, C.sub.7 -C.sub.20 aralkylene, (R.sub.3 O).sub.l wherein R.sub.3 is C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 alkylene or acyl having from 2 to 6 carbons, and l is an integer of from 5 to 30, and ##STR7## wherein R.sub.4 is hydrogen or alkyl having C.sub.1 -C.sub.12 ; n is an integer of from 2 to 6; and m is an integer of from about 10 to about 10.sup.5. 2. 2. The poly-(phosphoester-urethane) according to claim 1, wherein R.sub.1 is 4,4'-diphenylmethane, R.sub.2 is (R.sub.3 O).sub.l wherein R.sub.3 is ethylene, l is 9, n is 2, and m is about 10.sup.4. 3. 3. The poly-(phosphoester-urethane) according to claim 1, wherein R.sub.1 is 2-methyl-1,3-phenylene, R.sub.2 is selected from isopropylidene-1,4-biphenylene and (R.sub.3 O).sub.l wherein R.sub.3 is ethylene, l is 9, n is 2, and m is about 10.sup.4. 4. 4. The poly-(phosphoester-urethane) according to claim 1, wherein R.sub.1 is a residue of L-lysine. 5. 5. The poly-(phosphoester-urethane) according to claim 4, wherein R.sub.1 is 1-alkoxycarbonyl-1,5-pentylene, R.sub.2 is 1,4-phenylene-dimethylene or (R.sub.3 O).sub.l wherein R.sub.3 is ethylene, l is 9, and n is 2. 6. 6. The poly-(phosphoester-urethane) according to claim 5, wherein R.sub.1 is ethoxycarbonyl-1,5-pentylene. 7. 7. The poly-(phosphoester-urethane) according to any one of claims 1-6, wherein R is a therapeutic agent selected from the group consisting of a chemotherapeutic agent, a proteinous drug, a biological response modifier, a lectin, a radioisotope-labeled chemical, and a human or veterinary biological product. 8. 8. The poly-(phosphoester-urethane) according to claim 7, wherein the therapeutic agent is 5-fluorouracil or a derivative thereof. 9. 9. The poly-(phosphoester-urethane) according to claim 1, wherein R is hydrogen or alkyl having C.sub.1 -C.sub.6.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176908</DOCNO><APP-NO>861744</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19920401</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176908</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K 39/40</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 858</PRI-USPC><CITATION>4148879/19790400</CITATION><INVENTOR>Wissner; Allan<tab>Kerwar; Suresh S.<tab>Kohler; Constance</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>American Cyanamid Company</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Method for the treatment of endotoxic shock in mammal</TITLE><ABST>The invention is a method of treating endotoxic shock in a mammal which comprises administering to the mammal a therapeutically effective amount of an antagonist to Platelet Activating Factor in combination with a therapeutically effective amount of one or more monoclonal or polyclonal antibodies directed towards either Tumor Necrosis Factor .alpha., Interleukin-1.beta., Gamma Interferon, or bacterial cell wall lipopolysaccharides.</ABST><SPEC>The invention will be further described by the following examples. EXAMPLE 1 Balb/c mice (male, 20 g) were obtained from Charles River Laboratories, Wilmington, Mass. They were housed in groups of 5 in individual cages and fed ad libitum. E. coli endotoxin was obtained from Sigma Chemical Co., St. Louis, Mo. The endotoxin was dissolved in Phosphate buffered saline (GIBCO) and administered to mice intravenously at a dose of 50 mg/kg. Fifteen to twenty minutes after the administration of endotoxin, the mice were divided into several groups. One group received intravenous saline (Control). The second group received 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt (PAF antagonist) intravenously at a dose of 20 mg/kg (Compound suspended in phosphate buffered saline and sonicated for approximately 15 seconds to provide a flocculent or cloudy solution). The third group received a monoclonal antibody directed against murine TNF.alpha. administered intravenously at a dose of 25 mg/kg. The fourth group received intravenously 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt (20 mg/kg) and the monoclonal antibody directed against murine TNF.alpha. (25 mg/kg). The monoclonal antibody used in these studies was provided by Dr. Robert Schreiber, Department of Pathology, Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, Mo. and Cell-Tech, Great Britain. The mice were monitored for survival for up to 72 hours post endotoxin treatment. The results of these studies are shown in Table I. Control mice that had received saline died within 24 hours after endotoxin challenge. Consistent with the observations of Beutler et al. (see reference above), mice that had received endotoxin followed by antiTNF.alpha. (antiTNF.alpha. administered 15 to 20 minutes after endotoxin) were not protected. By 72 hours, all of the mice had succumbed to the lethal effects of endotoxin. Mice treated with 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt were also not protected from lethality induced by endotoxin. However, mice that had received both 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt and antiTNF.alpha. were completely protected from endotoxin induced lethality. No mortality was observed in this group at 24 hours or 72 hours post endotoxin treatment. They appeared healthy and for up to 13 days post endotoxin treatment. The experiment was terminated at this time. EXAMPLE 2 Several Balb/c mice were treated intravenously with either 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl]m ethyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt (20 mg/kg) or with saline. After two hours, all of these mice were treated intravenously with endotoxin at a dose of 50 mg/kg. One hour after endotoxin treatment, the mice were divided into several groups. Some mice that had received saline followed by endotoxin were treated intravenously with various doses of antiTNF.alpha. (doses ranging from 2.5 to 25 mg/kg). Some mice that had been treated with 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methylthiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt followed by endotoxin were also treated intravenously with various doses of antiTNF.alpha. (doses ranging from 2.5 to 25 mg/kg). Two types of controls were included. One control consisted of mice that were treated with 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt followed by endotoxin and saline (saline administered 1 hour post endotoxin treatment). Another control consisted of mice treated with saline followed by endotoxin and saline (saline administered 1 hour post endotoxin). The mice were monitored for 48 hours. The results of these experiments are shown in Table II. Control mice that had been pretreated either with 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt or saline followed by endotoxin died within 24 or 48 hours. All mice treated with saline followed by endotoxin and various doses of antiTNF.alpha. (antiTNF.alpha. administered 1 hour post endotoxin treatment) also died within 48 hours. The only survivors at 48 hours (five out of ten treated mice survived) belonged to the group that had been treated with 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt followed by endotoxin and anti-TNF.alpha. (25 mg/kg). These observations indicate that mammals can be pretreated in a prophylactic manner with a PAF antagonist followed by antiTNF.alpha. to prevent any potential endotoxin toxicity. TABLE I ______________________________________ Combination Effect of 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3- (tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy] phenyl]methyl]- 5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt (PAF antagonist).sup.1 and antiTNF.alpha. on Endotoxin Induced Lethality Alive/Treated Treatment 24 hours 48 hours 72 hours ______________________________________ TDOPT (PAF antagonist) 0/5 0/5 0/5 20 mg/kg 20' after LPS TDOPT (PAF antagonist) 5/5 5/5 .sup. 5/5.sup.2 (20 mg/kg) + antiTNF (25 mg/kg) 20' after LPS AntiTNF (25 mg/kg) 2/5 2/5 0/5 20' after LPS PBS Control 0/5 0/5 0/5 20' after LPS ______________________________________ Drug and antibody were given by i.v. route at indicated doses 15-20' afte 50 mg/kg i.v. endotoxin in male Balb/c mice. .sup.1 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]phosphinyl]oxy] phenyl]methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt (PAF antagonist will be called TDOPT (PAF antagonist). .sup.2 Still 5/5 by day 12. TABLE II ______________________________________ Prophylaxis Protocol: PAF Antagonist 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2- methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]- phenyl]methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt 20 mg/kg (iv) and anti-TNF.alpha. (iv).sup.1 TDOPT LPS antiTNF.alpha. (iv) or PBS (iv) (iv) TDOPT (iv) observation period HOURS treatment live/treated 0 hrs. 2 hrs. 3 hrs. 24 hrs. 48 hrs. 72 hrs. ______________________________________ PBS LPS PBS 0/20 TDOPT LPS PBS 1/10 0/10 TDOPT LPS TDOPT 0/10 PBS LPS antiTNF.alpha. (500) 0/10 (250) 2/10 0/10 (100) 0/10 (50) 0/10 TDOPT LPS antiTNF.alpha. (500) 6/10 5/10 5/10 (250) 3/10 0/10 (100) 4/10 0/10 (50) 2/10 0/10 ______________________________________ .sup.1 The (PAF antagonist) will be called TDOPT (PAF antagonist) in the above table EXAMPLE 3 Preparation of Rabbit LPS (endotoxin) Antibody E. coli LPS (endotoxin) was obtained from Sigma Chemical Co., St. Louis, MO. New Zealand rabbits were challenged with 100 .mu.g of LPS dissolved in PBS and mixed 1:1 with incomplete Freund's adjuvant (ICFA). Two weeks later, the rabbits were boosted with another 50 .mu.g LPS/ICFA (1:1). Ten days later the rabbits were bled (approximately 40 mi/rabbit/month). The whole blood was maintained at 37.degree. C. for 1 hour and then refrigerated overnight. The blood was centrifuged at 2000 rpm for 15 min. and the serum was collected. A saturated solution of ammonium sulfate was added to the cold serum to bring the final concentration of ammonium sulfate up to 50%. The mixture was then stirred at 40.degree. C. for 4 hours. The mixture was centrifuged at 10,000 rpm for 15 minutes. The liquid was decanted and the pellet was reconstituted with PBS to a final volume equal to the original volume of serum. This solution was then dialyzed against PBS for 48 hours. The resulting solution was filtered through a 40 micron filter. The resulting solution contains approximately 5 mg/ml rabbit lgG antibody. As illustrated by the following example (Example 4), the combination of a PAF antagonist and an antibody directed against LPS (endotoxin) shows significantly better efficacy than the PAF antagonist or antibody used alone. EXAMPLE 4 Balb/c mice (male, 20 g) were obtained from Charles River Laboratories, Wilmington, Mass. They were housed in groups of 5 in individual cages and fed ad libitum. E. Coli endotoxin (LPS) was obtained from Sigma Chemical Co., St. Louis, Mo. The mice were first pretreated with a saline solution of the PAF antagonists 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methylthiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt, antagonist 1, or 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxycarbonyl-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxyl]-phosphinyl]ox y]phenyl]methyl]-5-methylthiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt, antagonist 2, at doses at 40, 20, 10 and 5 mg/kg i.p. Two hours later the mice received an i.v. administration of endotoxin (LPS) dissolved in phosphate buffered saline at a dose at 50 mg/kg. One hour after endotoxin administration the mice received either the PAF antagonist alone at a dose of 40, 20, 10 or 5 mg/kg i.p., rabbit anti-LPS antibody alone at a dose of 0.4 ml/mouse i.v. (about 2 mg of lgE antibody), or a combination of the PAF antagonist at the same doses with the anti-LPS antibody also at the same dose. Four hours after endotoxin administration the mice again received the PAF antagonist. At 24 and 48 hours, the mice were treated with B.I.D. with the PAF antagonist at a dose at 40, 20, 10 or 5 mg/kg i.p. A separate group of mice, which served as controls, received only endotoxin (LPS). This protocol may be summarized in the following diagram: ##STR1## The results of this experiment are given hereinbelow in Table III. TABLE III ______________________________________ The Effect of Antagonist-1.sup.1 or Antagonist-2.sup.2 in Combination With Anti-LPS on Endotoxin-Induced Lethality in Mice Treatment (Dose mg/kg) 24 Hrs (% Survival) 48 Hrs (% Survival) ______________________________________ Antagonist-1 (40) 0/23 (0%) 0/13 (0%) Antagonist-1 (20) 3/35 (9%) 0/25 (0%) Antagonist-1 (10) 6/34 (18%) 0/24 (0%) Antagonist-1 (5) 0/10 (0%) 0/10 (0%) Antagonist-1 (40) + 3/24 (13%) 0/14 (0%) Anti-LPS Antagonist-1 (20) + 17/32 (53%) 7/23 (30%) Anti-LPS Antagonist-1 (10) + 23/33 (70%) 9/23 (39%) Anti-LPS Antagonist-1 (5) + 4/8 (50%) 3/8 (38%) Anti-LPS Antagonist-2 (40) 2/24 (8%) 0/14 (0%) Antagonist-2 (20) 6/34 (18%) 0/24 (0%) Antagonist-2 (10) 8/34 (24%) 0/25 (0%) Antagonist-2 (5) 2/10 (20%) 0/10 (0%) Antagonist-2 (40) + 8/23 (35%) 0/13 (0%) Anti-LPS Antagonist-2 (20) + 19/34 (56%) 11/24 (46%) Anti-LPS Antagonist-2 (10) + 22/34 (65%) 13/25 (52%) Anti-LPS Antagonist-2 (5) + 3/10 (30%) 1/10 (10%) Anti-LPS Anti-LPS Alone 5/35 (14%) 0/25 (0%) LPS Controls 0/40 (0%) 0/30 (0%) ______________________________________ .sup.1 3[[3[[hydroxy[2methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]phosphinyl]oxy]phenylmeth l5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt .sup.2 3[[3[[hydroxy[2methoxycarbonyl-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]phosphinyl]oxyphe ylmethyl5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt As described above in Table III, all control mice receiving LPS (endotoxin) died. Mice treated with anti-LPS alone or PAF antagonists 1 or 2 alone were significantly less well protected against the lethal effects of endotoxin than mice treated with a combination of anti-LPS and antagonist-1 or antagonist-2. In fact, at 48 hours, only mice that received a combination therapy survived. 71 482141 19900216 01 5124147 82 286201 19881219 03 BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to a method of treatment of endotoxic shock in mammals which is useful to retard and/or inhibit the development of clinical lesions associated with endotoxic shock. More particularly, it relates to therapeutic compositions containing a combination of a Platelet Activating Factor antagonist and a monoclonal or polyclonal antibody directed to either Tumor Necrosis Factor .alpha., interleukin-1.beta.,gamma interferon or bacterial cell wall lipopolysaccharide/s. The invention includes a new method for the treatment of endotoxic shock in mammals therewith. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION Platelet Activating Factor (PAF) is a potent mediator of inflammation in mammals and it is synthesized by a variety of cells including macrophages, neutrophils, endothelial cells and platelets (Cammussi, G. 1986, Kidney Int. 29, 469). When injected into mammals, PAF induces hemodynamic and hematological changes including hypotension, platelet aggregation, neutropenia, disseminated intravascular coagulation, increases in vascular permeability, bronchoconstriction, tissue injury (hypoxia and necrosis) and eventually death (reviewed by Cammussi, G. Kidney Int. 29, 469, 1986). In recent years, it has been postulated that PAF is the mediator of tissue injury in mammals undergoing endotoxic shock due to bacterial sepsis (Terashita, Z., Y. Imura, K. Nishikawa and S. Sumida 1985, Eur. J. Pharmacol. 109: 257-261; Doebber, T. W., M. S. Wu, J. C. Robbins, B. M. Choy, M. N. Chang and T. Y. Shen 1985, Biochem. Biophys. Res. Comm 127: 799-808; Inarrea, P., Gomez-Cambronero, J. Pascual, M. del Carmen Ponte, L. Hernando and M. Sanchez-Crespo. 1985, Immunopharmacology, 9: 45-52). These studies, in mammals, have shown that PAF is produced in large amounts when the mammal has been treated with endotoxin. In addition, mammals undergoing endotoxic shock exhibit all of the clinical symptoms associated with the administration of PAF. Studies (Tracey, K. J., B. Beutler, S. F. Lowry, J. Merryweather, S. Wolpe, I. W. Milsark, R. J. Hairi, T. J. Fahey, A. Zentalla, J. D. Albert and A. Cerami 1986, Science (Wash., D.C. 234: 47-473) have shown that the clinical symptoms associated with endotoxic shock or with PAF can be reproduced in mammals by the administration of the macrophage cytokine, Tumor Necrosis Factor .alpha. (TNF.alpha.; also known as cachectin). Since macrophages can be activated in vitro and in vivo, to synthesize and secrete TNF.alpha. (Carswell, E. A., L. J. Old, R. L. Kassel, S. Green, D. Fiore and B. Williamson 1975, Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 72: 3666-3671), it has been suggested that TNF.alpha. may be one of the mediators synthesized after endotoxin shock. Evidence supporting this claim is derived from the studies of Beutler et al. (Beutler, B., I. W. Milsark and A. C. Cerami 1985, Science (Wash. D.C.) 229: 869-872). These studies have shown that if mice are pretreated with polyclonal antisera directed against TNF.alpha. (antiTNF.alpha.), they were protected from the lethal effects of endotoxin. However, if antiTNF.alpha. was administered at the time of endotoxin treatment or if antiTNF.alpha. was administered after endotoxin treatment, no significant protection was detected. Thus, the time of administration of antiTNF.alpha. was critical in the protection against endotoxin induced lethality. Recent studies by Camussi et al. (Camussi, G., F. Bussolino, G. Salvidio and C. Baglioni 1987, J. Exp. Med. 166, 1390-1404) have shown that when TNF.alpha. is added to cultures of rat peritoneal macrophages, neutrophils or human endothelial cells, large amounts of PAF are synthesized and released. These observations indicate that the clinical symptoms associated with the administration of TNF.alpha. to mammals are due in part to PAF that is synthesized by a variety of cells when exposed to TNF.alpha.. Since endotoxin shock is initiated by the cell wall lipopolysaccharide (LPS) a monoclonal or a polyclonal antibody directed against LPS in combination with a PAF antagonist can also be a desired form of treatment for endotoxic shock in mammals. Since macrophages can be activated by gamma interferon (A. G. Morris, Interferons, Immunology 1988 Supplement 1, 43-45), a monoclonal or polyclonal antibody directed to human gamma interferon in combination with a PAF antagonist can also be a desired form of treatment for endotoxic shock in mammals. Another cytokine that is synthesized and released by macrophages exposed to endotoxin is interleukin-1.beta. (IL-1.beta.). Studies conducted by Okusawa et al. (S. Okusawa, J. A. Gelfand, T. Ikejima, R. J. Connolly and C. A. Dinarello, 1988, Clin. Invest. 81, 1162-1172) have shown that the administration of lL-1.beta. to mammals induces a shock like state (hemodynamic and hematological changes) that is similar to that seen when TNF.alpha. is administered. When lL-1.beta. was combined with TNF.alpha., the shock syndrome in rabbits was of a greater intensity than if either agent was used alone. Thus, it is likely that lL-1.beta. is an additional mediator that can induce the synthesis and release of PAF by a variety of cells. Thus, endotoxin shock due to bacterial sepsis involves the synthesis and release of lL-1.beta. and TNF.alpha. by macrophages. The released lL-1.beta. and TNF.alpha. can interact with a variety of cells such as macrophages, endothelial cells, neutrophils and platelets to stimulate the synthesis and release of PAF. The released PAF induces hemodynamic and hematological changes, causes tissue damage (hypoxia), increased vascular permeability and organ failure. Due to these induced changes in the mammal, PAF is lethal. Concurrently, with the realization that PAF is an important mediator of the clinical effects in mammals undergoing endotoxic shock, a number structurally different antagonists of PAF have been developed. References to some of these antagonists are listed hereinbelow. Terashita, z., et. al., Life Sci. 32, 1975 (1983). Miyamoto, T., et. al., In Advances in Prostaglandin, Thromboxane and Leukotriene Research, Vol 15 pp. 719-720, Raven Press, New York. Barner, R., et. al., Eur. patent 147768 (Oct. 7, 1985), 41 pp. Burri, K., et. al., Prostaglandins 30, 691 (1985). Handley, D. A., et al., Proceedings of the first Sandoz Research Symposium. "New Horizons in Platelet-activating Factor", pp 335-342, J. Wiley, London, 1987. VanValen, R. G., et al., ibid., pp 123-130. Winslow, C. M., et. al., ibid., pp 152-164. Lee, M. L., et. al., ibid. Handley, D. A., et. al., Immunopharmacology 11, 175-182 (1986). Winslow, C. M. et. al., Prostaglandins 30, 697 (1985). Steiner, M., et. al., Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun. 133, 851 (1985). Wichrowski, B., et. al., In Sixth Int's Conf. on Prostaglandins and Related Compounds, Florence, Italy, Jun. 3-6, 1986, p. 309. Lee, M. L., et. al., Prostaglandins 30, 690 (1985). Jaeggi, C., et. al., Eur. patent appl. EP 178,261 (Apr. 16, 1986), U.S. application Ser. No. 659,249 (Oct. 10, 1984). Stenzel, H., et. al., In Third Int'l. Symposium, Davos, Switzerland, Sep. 7-9, 1986, p 50. Braquet, P., In Adv. in Prostaglandin, Thromboxane and Leukotriene Res., Vol. 16, pp. 179-198, Raven Press, New York, 1986. Dupont, L., et. al., Actz. Crystallog. C42: 1759 (1986). Braquet, P., GB Patent 84/18424 (Jul. 19, 1984), Belg. BE 901,915. Braquet, P., et. al., Blood Vessels 16, 559 (1985). Korth, R., et. al., Eur. J. Pharmacol., in press, 1987. Kuster, L. J., et. al., Thromb. Res. 43: 425 (1986). Nunez, D., et. al., Eur. J. Pharmacol. 123: 197 (1986). Baroggi, N., et. al., Agents Actions (suppl.) 20, 87 (1986). Simon, A. F., et. al., Thromb. Res. 1987. Chung, K. F., et. al. Lancet 2, 248 (1987). Rao, C. B. S.: Chemistry of LIgnans, Anhdra Univ. Press, India, p. 377, 1978. Godfroid, J. J., et. al., J. Med. Chem. 30: 792-797, 1987. Comez-Cambrenero, J., et. al., Biochem. Biophys. Acta 845: 511-515, 1985. Hwang, S. B., et. al., J. Biol. Chem. 261: 13720 (1986). Ponpipom, M. M., et. al., J. Med. Chem. 30, 136 (1987). Shen, T. Y., et. al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 82: 672 (1985). Hwang, S. B., et. al., Lab. Invest. 52: 617 (1985). Doebber, T. W., et. al., Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun. 29: 799 (1985). Biftu, T., et. al., Eur. Patent Appl. EP 154887 (18.091985), 34 pp. Biftu, T., et. al., J. Med. Chem. 29: 1917 (1986). Braquet, P., et. al., Trends Pharmacol. Sci. 7: 397 (1986). Hwang, S. B., et. al., J. Biol. Chem. 260: 15639 (1985). Shen, T. Y., et. al., Second World Conf. on Inflammation, Monte Carlo, 1986. Shen, T. Y., et. al., Second Int'l. Conf. on Platelat-activating Factor and Structurally related Alkyl Ether Lipids, Gatlinburgh, Tenn, October 1986, p. 34. Setchell, K. D., et. al., Nature (Lond) 287: 740 (1980). Stitch, S. R., et. al., Nature (Lond) 287: 738 (1980). Okamoto, M., et. al., J. Antiobiot. (Tokyo) 39: 198 (1986). Okamoto, M., et. al., Chem. Pharm. Bull. (Tokyo) 34: 345 (1986). Okamoto, M., et. al., ibid, 34: 340 (1986). Lefort, J., et. al., Eur. J. Pharmacol., in press, 1987. Sedivy, P., et. al., Adv. in Inflammation Res., vol. 10 pp. 171-173, Raven Press, New York, 1985. Sedivy, P., et. al., Prostaglandins 30:688 (1985). Cavero, L., et. al., Br. J. Pharmacol. 90:116 (1987). Hwang, S. B., et. al., Thromb. Res. 34:519 (1984). Kornecki, E., et. al., Science (Wash., D.C.) 226:1454 (1985). Casais-Stenzel, J., et. al., Ger. Offen. DE 3435974 (10.041986), 22 pp. Casals-Stenzel, J., et. al., Ger. Offen. DE 3435973 (10.04.1986), 26 pp. Casals-Stenzel, J., et. al., Ger. Offen. DE 3435972A1 (10.04.1986), 24 pp. Weber, K. H. et. al., Second Int'l. Conf. on Platelet Activating Factor and Structurally Related Alkyl Ether Lipids, Gatlinburg, Tenn., Oc. 1986, p. 29. Tuffin, D. P., et. al., Prostaglandins 30:702 (1985). Hwang, M. N., et. al., Eur. J. Pharmacol., in press, 1987. Hadvary, P., et. al., Helv. Chimica Acta 69, 1862 (1986). Kagari, F., et. al., Chem. Pharm. Bull. 35, 647 (1987). Grue-Sorensen, G., et. al., submitted J. Org. Chem., 1987. Bittman, R., et. al., J. Lipid Res., 28, 733 (1987). Shimazaki, N., et. al., J. Med. Chem. 30, 1706 (1987). O'Flaherty, J. T., et. al., Biochem. and Biophys. Res. Commun. 147, 18 (1987). Bitterman, H., et. al., Meth and Find Exptl. Clin. Pharmacol. 9, 341 (1987). Hwang, S., et. al., Eur. J. Pharmacol. 141, 269 (1987). In addition to the references given above, our copending applications U.S. Ser. No. 177,299, filed Apr. 4, 1988, now abandoned, and U.S. Ser. No. 286,193, filed Dec. 19, 1988, now U.S. Pat. No. 4,983,592, disclose additional PAF antagonists. Our invention relates to the unexpected discovery that when a PAF antagonist is administered in combination with a monoclonal or polyclonal antibody directed toward either Tumor Necrosis Factor .alpha., Interleukin-1.beta., gamma interferon, or bacterial cell wall lipopolysaccharides, the animals can be protected from the effects of endotoxin in a manner better than if the PAF antagonist or the antibody are administered alone; this combination therapy represents a new method for the treatment of endotoxic shock in mammals. Antibody directed toward Tumor Necrosis Factor .alpha. can be obtained from Endogen Inc., 451 D Street, Boston, Mass. 02210. Antibody directed toward Interleukin-1.beta. can be obtained from Genzyme, 75 Kneeland St., Boston, Mass. 02114. Antibody directed toward gamma interferon can be obtain from Alpha Therapeutic Corp., 5555 Valley Road, Los Angeles, Calif. 90032. Antibody directed toward bacterial cell wall lipopolysaccharides can be obtained from Oxoid Ltd., Wade Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG 24, OPN, England. The PAF antagonists used to implement the present invention may be orally administered, for example, with an inert diluent, or with an assimilable edible carrier, or they may be enclosed in hard or soft shell capsules, or they may be compressed into tablets, or they may be incorporated directly with the food of the diet. For oral therapeutic administration, these antagonists may be incorporated with excipients and used in the form of tablets, capsules, elixirs, suspensions, syrups and the like. Such compositions and preparations should contain at least 0.1% of active compound. The percentage of the compound in these compositions may, of course, be varied and may conveniently be between about 2% to about 60% of the weight of the unit. The amount of active compound in such therapeutically useful compositions is such that a suitable dosage will be obtained. Preferred compositions according to this invention are prepared so that an oral dosage unit contains between about 1 and 500 mg of active compound. The tablets, capsules and the like may also contain a binder such as gum tragacanth, acacia, corn starch or gelatin; excipients such as dicalcium phosphate; a disintegrating agent such as corn starch, potato starch, alginic acid; a lubricant such as magnesium stearate; and a sweetening agent such as sucrose, lactose or saccharin. When the dosage unit form is a capsule, it may contain, in addition to materials of the above type, a liquid carrier such as a fatty oil. Various other materials may be present as coatings or to modify the physical form of the dosage unit. For instance, tablets may be coated with shellac, sugar or both. A syrup or elixir may contain, in addition to active ingredient, sucrose as a sweetening agent, methyl and propylparabens as perservatives, a dye and flavoring such as cherry or orange flavor. These PAF antagonists may also be administered parenterally. Solutions or suspensions of these active compounds can be prepared in water suitably mixed with a surfactant such as hydroxypropylcellulose. Dispersions can also be prepared in glycerol, liquid polyethylene glycols and mixtures thereof in oils. Under ordinary conditions of storage and use, these preparations contain a preservative to prevent the growth of microorganisms. The pharmaceutical forms of PAF antagonists suitable for injectable use include sterile aqueous solutions or dispersions and sterile powders for the extemporaneous preparation of sterile injectable solutions or dispersions. In all cases, the form must be sterile and must be fluid to the extent that easy syringability exists. It must be stable under the conditions of manufacture and storage and must be preserved against the contaminating action of microorganisms such as bacteria and fungi. The carrier can be a solvent or dispersion medium containing, for example, water, ethanol, polyol (e.g. glycerol, propylene glycol and liquid polyethylene glycol), suitable mixtures thereof, and vegetable oils. The PAF antagonists of this invention may also be administered directly to the airways in the form of an aerosol. The monoclonal or polyclonal antibodies directed towards Tumor Necrosis Factor .alpha. (also known as Cachectin), Interleukin-1.beta., Gamma Interferon, and bacterial cell wall lipopolysaccharides which are needed to implement this invention and are best administered parenterally in a dosage range of 2 to 500 mg/kg. Solutions or suspensions of these antibody compounds can be prepared in water suitably mixed with a surfactant such as hydroxypropylcellulose. Dispersions can also be prepared in glycerol, liquid polyethylene glycols and mixtures thereof in oils. Under ordinary conditions of storage and use, these preparations contain a preservative to prevent the growth of microorganisms. The pharmaceutical forms of the antibodies suitable for injectable use include sterile aqueous solutions or dispersions and sterile powders for the extemporaneous preparation of sterile injectable solutions or dispersions. In all cases, the form must be sterile and must be fluid to the extent that easy syringability exists. It must be stable under the conditions of manufacture and storage and must be preserved against the contaminating action of microorganisms such as bacteria and fungi. The carrier can be a solvent or dispersion medium containing, for example, saline, water, ethanol, polyol (e.g. glycerol, propylene glycol and liquid polyethylene glycol), suitable mixtures thereof, and vegetable oils. The PAF antagonists and antibodies may be administered in the same vehicle or different vehicles. The PAF antagonists and antibodies may be administered at the same time or at different times during the course of therapy. </SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A method of treating endotoxic shock in a mammal which comprises administering to the mammal a therapeutically effective amount of an antagonist to Platelet Activating Factor, 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl]m ethyl]-5-methylthiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt, or 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxycarboyl-3-tetradecyloxy)phenoxyl]-phosphinyl]oxy] phenyl]methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt, in combination with a therapeutically effective amount of monoclonal or polyclonal antibodies directed towards bacterial cell wall lipopolysaccharides. 2. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein the antagonist to Platelet Activating Factor is 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methylthiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt. 3. 3. A method according to claim 1 wherein the antagonist to Platelet Activating Factor is 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxycarbolyl-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy ]phenyl]methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt. 4. 4. A therapeutic composition comprising an antagonist to Platelet Activating Factor, 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxy-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy]phenyl] methyl]-5-methyl-thiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt, or 3-[[3-[[hydroxy[2-methoxycarbolyl-3-(tetradecyloxy)phenoxy]-phosphinyl]oxy ]phenyl]methyl]-5-methylthiazolium, hydroxide, inner salt, in combination with a therapeutically effective amount of monoclonal or polyclonal antibodies directed towards bacterial cell wall lipopolysaccharides.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176909</DOCNO><APP-NO>590230</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19900928</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176909</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K 39/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 88</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>1-256472	19890929	JP</PRIORITY><CITATION>4376113/19830300	4987031/19910100</CITATION><INVENTOR>Nerome; Kuniaki<tab>Seki; Kuniharu<tab>Ohyama; Katsuhiko</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>The Nisshin Oil Mills, Ltd.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Stable immunogen composition for oral administration</TITLE><ABST>A stable immunogen composition for oral administration which includes a dried spherical form comprised of an immunogen capable of immunizing human or animals and a gelatin having an average molecular weight of 80,000-120,000 and jelly strength of more than 150 (Bloom, g, 6.2/3%), and is enteric.</ABST><SPEC>DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS In the present invention, the term "an immunogen capable of immunizing human or animals" as recited above includes all the immunogens that can be utilized for preventing infectious diseases. Examples thereof are inactivated vaccines (influenza, Japanese encephalitis, pertussis, triple vaccine, cholera, pneumococcus and the like), attenuated live vaccines (polio, measles, rubella, mumps, BCG, typhoid, variola and the like), toxoids (diphtheria, tetanus, trimeresurus toxoid, typhoid, botulinus and the like), and component vaccines (influenza HA, hepatitis B, non-A, non-B hepatitis, herpes and the like). The composition of the invention can be prepared from a buffered physiological saline containing an immunogen. Freeze-drying method for stabilizing the live polio vaccine is known, but we found that such freeze-dried lyophilized vaccine is not suitable to use as a raw material in the invention. Gelatin constituting the composition of the invention is required to have 80,000-120,000 of average molecular weight and more than 150 of jelly strength (Bloom, g, 6.multidot.2/3%). Even if the average molecular weight resides within the above range, jelly strength of less than 150 cannot give a composition of desired stability. The maximum jelly strength of gelatin used is approximately 340, and preferable strength thereof is approximately 300. Raw materials for the gelatin are not limited, provided that the above conditions are satisfied. The composition of the invention can be made by adding the gelatin to a buffered physiological saline containing an immunogen, mixing at a low temperature (for example, 0.degree.-10.degree. C., preferably 4.degree.-5.degree. C.) and warming (e.g., below 50.degree. C., preferably below 40.degree. C.) to give a sol. The composition in a sol state is dropped to a physiologically non-toxic liquid which is non-compatible with water and of which specific gravity is smaller than that of water (for example, castor oil, camellia oil, soybean oil, liquid paraffin and the like), thereby becoming a flexible spherical form. In this case, it is preferable that the sol is maintained under warming and the above liquid is warmed at its upper portion while being cooled at its lower portion (for example, 0.degree.-10.degree. C.). The flexible spherical form thus obtained is gradually dried under atmospheric pressure at a low temperature (for example, 0.degree.-10.degree. C., preferably 4.degree.-5.degree. C.) to give a solid spherical form. Diameter of the solid spherical form is not particularly limited, but preferably 0.5-2.0 mm. Dryness of the spherical form is preferably less than 30% of water content thereof, more preferably 20-10%. The spherical form thus obtained can be directly coated with an enteric coating agent which is appropriately selected from known ones in the art. Preferable examples of the enteric coating agent are methacrylic acid copolymer, hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose phthalate, hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose acetate succinate, carboxymethylethyl cellulose, cellulose acetate phthalate, purified shellac, white shellac, ethyl cellulose, aminoalkyl methacrylate copolymer, methacrylic acid copolymer. The coating can be performed by a film coating method using a flow coater or centrifugal granulator. The enteric spherical form thus obtained is used as a preparation for oral administration. Instead of the above process, pharmaceutically acceptable excipient or diluent, binder and the like may be added to the spherical form (without enteric coating) to form a tablet, followed by being coated with the enteric coating agent. Otherwise, the above spherical form may be put into an enteric capsule to form a capsulated preparation. Where the spherical form of the invention is prepared, it is required to use a small amount of immunogen relative to the amount of gelatin to be used. The amount of immunogen depends on the kind of immunogen to be used, but generally preferred is about 1/50-1/100,000,000 relative to 1 weight part of gelatin. According to the above method, stability of the immunogen can be assured. Conceivably, this is because the immunogen is sealed with gelatin with its configuration (especially, configuration of antigenic determinant existing in virus, microorganism or dead microorganism) maintained and without chemically bonding. It has been confirmed that the immunogen does not form a conjugate with gelatin. The composition of the invention may contain an adjuvant. It is preferable to use a muramylpeptide derivative (disclosed in, for example, European laid-open Patent Application No. 0316934A2) or a lipid-A analog. Addition of such adjuvant enhances effectiveness of the composition of the invention and reduces variation in effect thereof depending on individual differences. Where the composition of the invention is orally administered, the enteric coating, then gelatin are dissolved at intestine to release the immunogen therein, followed by being absorbed from enteric canal. Conceivably, immunization occurs at Peyer's patches existing in enteric canal. The amount of the composition to be orally administered depends greatly on the kind of immunogen used. For example, in the case of influenza, usually 50-20,000 CCA (Chich Red Cell Agglutination)/grown-up person is orally administered for one administration and optionally administered in the same manner 2-4 weeks after the first administration. In the case of hepatitis B, usually 0.1-1.0 mg as antigen protein/grown-up person is orally administered as the first administration, the second administration is carried out 4 weeks after the first administration, and the third administration is carried out 20-24 weeks after the first administration. Thus, the administration is carried out three times. In the case of Japanese encephalitis, 10-1,000 .mu.g as antigen protein is orally administered to a person of more than 6 months after birth twice with 1-2 week interval. EXAMPLES The present invention will be fully described with reference to Examples which are not intended to limit the invention. Example 1 (1) Preparation of a dried spherical form Gelatin powder [20 g, jelly strength: 300 (Bloom, g, 6.multidot.2/3%), average molecular weight: about 100,000, NIPPI Co., Ltd.] was added to influenza HA vaccine (80 ml, 200 .mu.g/ml as protein, HA potency: 14000) and mixed at 4.degree. C. The mixture was heated to 40.degree. C. while stirring to reach a sol state. On the other side, 1000 ml of soybean oil was poured into a 1000 ml graduated cylinder, then the upper portion thereof (10 cm from the liquid level) was heated to 40.degree.-50.degree. C. while the lower portion thereof (50 cm from the bottom) was cooled to 4.degree. C. Using 20 ml syringe of 2 mm diameter, the sol-state mixture maintained at 40.degree. C. was dropped to the graduated cylinder filled with soybean oil, followed by standing for 30 minutes. Only a gelated spherical form thus obtained was moved from the graduated cylinder to a beaker, then washed with cooled acetone to remove the soybean oil. Further, the spherical form was washed with 5000 ml of cooled water about ten times repeatedly, and finally washed with 1000 ml of aqueous solution of alcohol (60%). The gelated spherical form thus obtained was dried for 4-5 days in a temperature controlled bath at 4.degree. C. to give a dried spherical form of 0.5-2 mm diameter with water content of 15% relative to that of the gelated spherical form. (2) Electrophoresis In electrophoresis using SDS-polyacrylamide gel with respect to the above gelatin, influenza HA antigen and dried spherical form prior to film coating, it was confirmed that the gelatin showed a broad spot, the influenza HA antigen showed a single spot, and the dried spherical form showed two spots at coincident spot locations of the gelatin and the influenza HA antigen. From the above, it is judged that the gelatin and influenza HA antigen did not form an conjugate. (3) Enteric coating The dried spherical form was then coated with enteric film coat of the following recipe of Table 1. TABLE 1 ______________________________________ Recipe of enteric film coat ______________________________________ methacrylic acid copolymer L 5 weight parts polyethylene glycol 400 0.5 weight parts ethanol 45 weight parts dichloromethane 45 weight parts water 4.5 weight parts Total 100 weight parts ______________________________________ Examples 2-6 In the same manner as in Example 1, using hepatitis B vaccine, Japanese encephalitis vaccine, pertussis vaccine, non-A, non-B hepatitis vaccine and influenza inactivated vaccine of the concentrations shown in Table 2, respective dried spherical forms and film-coated dried spherical forms were obtained. TABLE 2 ______________________________________ Concentrations of vaccines used for preparations Concentration used for Example Vaccine preparation (.mu.g/ml .multidot. protein) ______________________________________ 2 hepatitis B 30 .mu.g/ml .multidot. protein 3 Japanese encephalistis 50 .mu.g/ml .multidot. protein 4 pertussis 80 .mu.g/ml .multidot. protein 5 non-A, non-B hepatitis 10 .mu.g/ml .multidot. protein 6 influenza (inactivated) 600 .mu.g/ml .multidot. protein ______________________________________ Examples 7-10 In the same manner as in Example 1, dried spherical forms were obtained using influenza HA vaccine and gelatin (average molecular weight about 100,000) of different jelly strengths. Each dried spherical form (0.1 g) was dissolved in 5 ml of phosphate buffer containing collagenase to perform HA (hemagglutinin) test using chicken erythrocyte for measuring antigen potency thereof. The result of the test is shown in Table 3, and according thereto, any dried spherical form obtained using gelatin of more than 150 jelly strength maintained sufficient HA potency. TABLE 3 ______________________________________ HA potency Example jelly strength (average of 3 cases) ______________________________________ comparative 100 16.0 Example 7 150 85.3 8 200 85.3 9 250 106.7 10 300 106.7 ______________________________________ Example 11 Instead of obtaining the dried spherical form (water content 15% relative to that of the gelated spherical form), dried spherical forms of respective water contents of 30%, 40% and 50% relative to that of the gelated spherical form were prepared. HA test was performed with respect to each dried spherical form having stood for 20 days at 40.degree. C. Consequently, the dried spherical form of 30% water content exhibited 106.7 HA potency, while the dried spherical form of Example 1 exhibited 128.0 HA potency. In contrast, the dried spherical forms of 40% and 50% water contents exhibited 64.0 and 42.7 HA potency, respectively, which turned out to be unsuitable. Example 12 A dried spherical form containing influenza HA was prepared in the same manner as in Example 1 except that muramyldipeptide of 100 .mu.g/ml concentration was added as an adjuvant. HA test was performed with respect to this dried spherical form, resulting in 106.7 HA potency. Substantial decrease in HA potency was not recognized from the result of the test (refer to Example 10). Stability Test Antigen potency retentions in the period of standing at 40.degree. C. of the dried spherical forms (prior to film coating) obtained in Examples 1-6 were measured. Each of the corresponding vaccines used as raw materials for respective dried spherical forms was also measured in antigen potency retention for comparison. As shown in FIGS. 1-6, antigen was stably maintained in any of the dried spherical forms of Examples 1-6. Immunity Test The dried spherical forms of Examples 1, 2, 6 and 12 were subjected to film coating, then allowed to stand for 20 days at 40.degree. C. Thereafter, immunity test was performed in the following manner. Mice were orally immunized with respective dried spherical forms, then blood collection was performed for them once every week. The amount of IgG antibody existing in each serum of the collected bloods was measured by ELISA method. The result was shown in FIGS. 7-10 on the basis of absorbance at 415 nm wavelength. For comparison used were corresponding vaccines having respectively used for preparing the above dried spherical forms. Example 13 Enteric Coating The spherical form of the invention was coated with an enteric film of the following recipe in an amount of 15% relative to that of the spherical form. ______________________________________ hydroxypropyl methylcellulose 2.5 weight parts acetate succinate shellac 0.5 weight parts talc 0.3 weight parts glycerol ester of fatty acid 0.3 weight parts ethanol 25.0 weight parts dichloroethane appropriate amount Total 100 weight parts ______________________________________ Example 14 The dried spherical form of the invention was coated with an enteric coating agent of the following recipe in an amount of 10% relative to that of the dried spherical form. ______________________________________ hydroxypropyl methylcellulose 5.0 weight parts phthalate shellac 0.5 weight parts glycerol ester of fatty acid 0.5 weight parts ethanol 45.0 weight parts dichloroethane appropriate amount Total 100 weight parts ______________________________________ Then, the coated dried spherical form was overcoated with a film of the following recipe in an amount of 10% relative to that of the dried spherical form. ______________________________________ hydroxypropyl methylcellulose 2.5 weight parts acetate succinate shellac 0.5 weight parts talc 0.3 weight parts glycerol ester of fatty acid 0.3 weight parts ethanol 25.0 weight parts dichloroethane appropriate amount Total 100 weight parts ______________________________________ Example 15 The following components were compressed. ______________________________________ dried spherical form 20 weight parts lactose 70 weight parts starch appropriate amount magnesium stearate 0.5 weight parts Total 100 weight parts ______________________________________ Then, the tablet thus obtained was coated with an enteric film of the same recipe as in Example 1 in an amount of 5% by weight relative to that of the tablet. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention relates to a stable immunogen composition for oral administration. 2. Prior Art An immunogen capable of immunizing human or animals is usually suspended in a buffered physiological saline for use. Such a suspension is referred to as vaccine. Examples of known vaccines are inactivated vaccines such as typhoid vaccine, pertussis vaccine, rabies vaccine and the like, attenuated live vaccines such as pathogenic micro-organism vaccine, live polio vaccine and the like, and toxoids such as diphtheria toxoid, tetanus toxoid and the like. An immunogen can be easily inactivated by physical factors such as temperature, light, shaking and the like since it consists mainly of proteins. Hence special care has been needed for preparation and storage of vaccines. It is known that saccharide or water-soluble gelatin (molecular weight: less than 20000) is added to a vaccine so as to improve in stability during storage. Since vaccines are usually administered by injection, they tend to cause side effects such as redness, fever and amyotrophia in the administered region, shock and the like, beside being inconvenient administration. In order to solve this problem, dosage forms of vaccine for oral administration have been proposed. A typical example of such dosage form is a powder or tablet preparation in which an immunogen is supported on a solid carrier such as lactose, saccharose and the like (Japanese Published Examined Patent Application No. 502262/1987). Further, it is known that cytochrome C, which is not an immunogen, is treated with gelatin of molecular weight of more than 50000 to form a composite material which is then formulated into various types of preparations for oral administration (Japanese Published Examined Patent Application No. 37971/1980). SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An object of the invention is to provide a preparation for oral administration which allows an immunogen to be orally administered thereby to overcome various problems ascribed to a preparation for injection, while potency of the immunogen is not lowered. According to the present invention, there is provided a stable immunogen composition for oral administration which comprises a dried spherical form comprising an immunogen capable of immunizing human or animals and a gelatin having an average molecular weight of 80,000-120,000 and jelly strength of more than 150 (Bloom, g, 6.multidot.2/3%), and is enteric. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a graph comparing the change in the antigenic potency of the dried spherical form of Example 1 with that of the influenza HA vaccine. FIG. 2 is a graph comparing the change in the antigenic potency of the dried spherical form of Example 2 with that of the hepatitis B surface antigen liquid vaccine. FIG. 3 is a graph comparing the change in the antigenic potency of the dried spherical form of Example 3 with that of the Japanese encephalitis vaccine. FIG. 4 is a graph comparing the change in the antigenic potency of the dried spherical form of Example 4 with that of the pertussis vaccine. FIG. 5 is a graph comparing the change in the antigenic potency of the dried spherical form of Example 5 with that of the non-A, non-B hepatitis surface antigen liquid vaccine. FIG. 6 is a graph comparing the change in the antigenic potency of the dried spherical form of Example 6 with that of the influenza (inactivated) vaccine. FIG. 7 is a graph comparing the immunoactivity of the dried spherical form of Example 1 after standing for 20 days at 40.degree. C. with the immunoactivity of the influenza HA vaccine after standing for 20 days at 40.degree. C. FIG. 8 is a graph comparing the immunoactivity of the dried spherical form of Example 2 after standing for 20 days at 40.degree. C. with the immunoactivity of the hepatitis B surface antigen liquid vaccine after standing for 20 days at 40.degree. C. FIG. 9 is a graph comparing the immunoactivity of the dried spherical forms of Examples 1 and 12 after standing for 20 days at 40.degree. C. with the immunoactivity of the influenza HA vaccine after standing for 20 days at 40.degree. C. FIG. 10 is a graph comparing the immunoactivity of the dried spherical forms of Examples 1 and 6 after standing for 20 days at 40.degree. C. with the immunoactivity of the influenza (inactivated) vaccine after standing for 20 days at 40.degree. C.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A stable immunogen composition for oral administration which comprises a dried spherical form comprising an immunogen which immunizes humans or animals and a gelatin having an average molecular weight of 80,000-120,000 and jelly strength of from 150 to 340 (Bloom, g, 6.multidot.2/3%), and is enteric, wherein an amount of the immunogen used is 1/50-1/100,000,000 by weight relative to that of the gelatin. 2. 2. The composition as set forth in claim 1, wherein the immunogen is selected from the group consisting of influenza, Japanese encephalitis, hepatitis B, pertussis, non-A hepatitis, and non-B hepatitis. 3. 3. The composition as set forth in claim 1, wherein the dried spherical form is coated with an enteric film. 4. 4. The composition as set forth in claim 1, wherein the dried spherical form is capsulated with an enteric capsule. 5. 5. The composition as set forth in claim 1, wherein the dried spherical form is in the form of a tablet and said tablet is enteric. 6. 6. The composition as set forth in claim 1, which contains an adjuvant which enhances immunity of the immunogen. 7. 7. A process for the preparation of a stable immunogen composition for oral administration which comprises adding a gelatin having 80,000-120,000 of average molecular weight and from 150 to 340 of jelly strength (Bloom, g, 6.multidot.2/3%) to a buffered physiological saline solution comprising an immunogen, mixing the mixture at a low temperature in the range of from 0.degree. to 10.degree. C., warming the mixture at a temperature in the range of from 40.degree. C. to 50.degree. C. to give a dispersion of solid particles in a liquid colloidal solution, pouring the dispersion of solid particles in a liquid colloidal solution into a physiologically non-toxic liquid which is non-compatible with water to give a flexible spherical form, drying the flexible spherical form at a low temperature in the range of from 0.degree. C. to 10.degree. C. to give a solid spherical form which is enteric. 8. 8. The process as set forth in claim 7, wherein the physiologically non-toxic liquid is selected from the group consisting of castor oil, camellia oil, soybean oil, and liquid paraffin. 9. 9. The process as set forth in claim 7, for preparing a composition wherein the immunogen is in the amount of 1/50-1/100,000,000 by weight relative to the amount of the gelatin. 10. 10. The process as set forth in claim 7, for preparing a composition wherein the immunogen is selected from the group consisting of influenza, Japanese encephalitis, hepatitis B, pertussis, non-A hepatitis, and non-B hepatitis. 11. 11. The process as set forth in claim 7, for preparing the composition further comprising coating the dried spherical form with enteric film. 12. 12. The process as set forth in claim 7, for preparing the composition further comprising encapsulating the dried spherical form with an enteric capsule. 13. 13. The process as set forth in claim 7, for preparing the composition further comprising forming the dried spherical form into an enteric tablet. 14. 14. The process as set forth in claim 7, for preparing the composition containing an adjuvant which enhances immunity of the immunogen.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176910</DOCNO><APP-NO>296958</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19890117</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176910</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K 39/02</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 92</PRI-USPC><CITATION>\N/</CITATION><INVENTOR>McCaman; Michael<tab>Slomiany; Raymond</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>ML Technology Ventures, L. P.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Treponema hyodysenteriae hemolysin and uses therefor</TITLE><ABST>A vaccine for protection against swine dysentery which comprises T. hyodysenteriae hemolysin and a physiologically acceptable vehicle for said peptide. The vaccine contains the hemolysin in an amount effective for protecting against swine dysentery. The invention also relates to a method of protecting swine against swine dysentery by administering to swine the vaccine described above.</ABST><SPEC>The following Examples will demonstrate the preparation of T. hyo. hemolysin and the effectiveness of an embodiment of a vaccine in accordance with the present invention. EXAMPLE 1 Method of Preparation of T. Hyo Hemolysin The isolation and initial characterization of hemolysin produced by T. hyo. has been described in the literature (Knoop, 1981; Saheb, et al., Current Mirobiology, Vol. 5 pgs. 91-94 (1981): and Lemcke, et al., Journal of Medical Microbiology, Vol. 15 pgs. 205-214 (1982). In laboratory culture this hemolysin can be obtained in highest yield by adding an inducer to actively growing cells. The best inducer to date is a fraction of yeast RNA obtained by exhaustive digestion of total RNA with ribonuclease A. The residual large Molecular Weight RNA, called RNA core, was obtained from Sigma Chemical, a stock solution of 100 mg/ml was made in water and then filter sterilized and stored frozen. RNA core was added to a final concentration of 0.5 mg/ml in an anaerobic culture of T. hyo. strain B204 or B234 with an optical density (A600) of about 0.1. Cells were grown for 4-8 hours in the presence of inducer and then the culture was harvested by centrifugation. Hemolysin is found only in the cell free culture supernatant and is first concentrated by acidification of the culture broth to a pH of 3.0 by addition of 5N HCl. The resulting cloudy solution is then stirred and centrifuged 10 min. @ 10,000.times.g. The pellet fraction (containing the hemolysin activity) is solubilized by resuspension in 1/20 the starting volume of 25 mM NaPO.sub. 4 buffer pH 7. This solution is usually turbid because the pH drops as the hemolysin precipitate solubilizes and requires the addition of Na.sub.2 HPO.sub.4 until the final pH rises to 6.0. At this point, 43 gms of ammonium sulfate crystals is added to 100 mls of solution (65% saturation), stirred for 2 hours at 4.degree. C. and centrifuged at 10,000.times.g for 10 min. The supernatant fraction containing the hemolysin, is dialized extensively against 10 mM NaPO.sub.04, pH 6.5. Sodium chloride is added to this solution to reach 200 mM, then it is loaded onto a column of DEAE Sephacel (Pharmacia) equilibrated in the same buffer. The DEAE bound sample is washed with 4 column volumes of 200 mM NaCl, phosphate buffer and then eluted with 750 mM NaCl in the same phosphate buffer. Hemolysin activity is co-eluted with a large peak of RNA detectable by brown color as well as high A260. This hemolysin-RNA material appeared to be free of all protein.gtoreq.15,000 M.W. as judged by SDS-PAGE. The hemolysin was dialyzed against 10 mM ammonium bicarbonate pH 6.8, then lyophilized, reconstituted in a small volume of water and stored frozen at -20.degree. C. Quantitation of hemolysin activity was done by a standard assay of lysis of washed red blood cells. (Knoop, et al.) EXAMPLE 2 Use of Hemolysin as a Vaccine The hemolysin (2 mls, 125,000 units/ml) was mixed with a mineral oil adjuvant (0.5 ml) and administered intramuscularly to 30-40 lb piglets twice over an 8 week period. Animals were then orally inoculated with strain B204 (10.sup.9 cells over a 2 day period) and then monitored for signs of swine dysentery. Weight measurements were also made up to 35 days after the oral challenge. The control animals received no injection. The experimental results are shown below. __________________________________________________________________________ Onset Diarrhea Blood General Weight gain No. pigs days (avg.) score (avg.) score (avg.) Health (avg.) day 0-35, % __________________________________________________________________________ Controls 5 13 14 10 2 25 Vaccinates 5 19 11 8 0 49 __________________________________________________________________________ Scores indicate number of days pigs showed a grade of 3 or 4 for each category. Grading is as follows: Diarrhea: 1. Solid normal 2. Soft 3. Very soft to loose 4. Very loose, watery Blood: 1. Normal 2. Slight amount of mucus. 3. Large amount of mucus flecks of blood 4. Extremely bloody. General Health 1. Normal, alert. 2. Slightly gaunt, slightly rough hair coat. 3. Very gaunt, very rough hair, dull eyes. 4. Moribund. The above example shows that the symptoms and effects of swine dysentery were alleviated in those pigs which received a vaccine of the present invention prior to the oral challenge. EXAMPLE 3 Use of Hemolysin in a Combination Vaccine In a follow-up study hemolysin was tested alone and in combination with a purified T. hyo antigen. Purification of the 42 kDa antigen is disclosed in the co-pending patent application U.S. Ser. No. 165,305. Six pigs per test group were used. The pigs averaged 22.6 lb and were approximately 5-6 weeks of age. Five groups of pigs were given two doses, the first on day 0 and a booster on day 36. The injections were given I.M., in the neck with at 1 mg/dose of 42 kDa native antigen and/or 250,000 units/dose of hemolysin. Animals were challenged on day 50 injection by stomach intubation using a pure culture of T. hyo at 5.5.times.10.sup.2 cfu per pig. The study was terminated on day 92. Vaccines were given with Emulsigen adjuvant. Emulsigen was used as an adjuvant control, mixed with Dulbeco's PBS buffer. Animals were monitored daily for clinical signs of swine dysentery. Microbiological evaluation of routine weekly rectal swabs was conducted for T. hyo and Salmonella. Animals showing signs of bloody diarrhea were swabbed and evaluated on that day. Weekly postchallenge, pigs were weighed and their feed intake determined. The experimental results are shown below. Although in this study, vaccination with hemolysin did not protect the animals better than adjuvant alone the combination of hemolysin plus 42 kDa indicates that there may be a synergistic effect when the hemolysin is used in a combination treatment. It is to be understood, however, that the scope of the present invention is not to be limited to the specific embodiments described above. The invention may be practiced other than as particularly described and still be within the scope of the accompanying claims. This invention relates to Treponema hyodysenteriae (T. hyo.). and more particularly to hemolysin. or hemolytic factor, produced by Treponema hyodysenteriae. Still more particularly, the invention relates to a vaccine for swine dysentery. Swine dysentery is a severe infectious disease found in all major pig-rearing countries. The symptoms of swine dysentery are severe mucohemorrhagic diarrhea, dehydration, and weight loss. It has been discovered that swine dysentery is caused by Treponema hyodysenteriae, an anaerobic, B-hemolytic spirochete. To date, no one has demonstrated virulence in non-hemolytic strains of Treponema hyodysenteriae. The disease generally results from ingestion of feces containing T. hyodysenteriae from actuely infected or asymptomatic carrier pigs or by feces spread by farm equipment or handlers. There have been previous attempts to provide a vaccine against Treponema hyodysenteriae which have generally involved use of the whole organism. In accordance with one aspect of the present invention, there is provided a vaccine and a method for protection against swine dysentery. The vaccine comprises a hemolysin (hemolytic factor). The vaccine is free from T. hyodysenteriae cells and contains the hemolysin in an amount effective for protecting against swine dysentery. The method for protecting swine against swine dysentery comprises administering to swine T. hyodysenteriae hemolysin in an amount effective to protect against swine dysentery. The hemolysin to be used in the vaccine may be isolated from T. hyodysenteriae by culture methods and other means known in the art. For example, hemolysin can be produced by culturing T. hyodysenteriae cells on a blood agar medium or by culturing T. hyodysenteriae cells in culture broth. The hemolysin is then separated from the cells. The hemolysin is then treated with acid pH, ammonium sulfate salts, and then the hemolysin is separated from the mixture by ion-exchange chromatography and/or gel filtration. In culturing T. hyodysenteriae cells for the preparation of the hemolysin, the hemolysin, may be induced by adding RNA such as yeast RNA, Na-RNA, Mg2+.sup.- RNA and tRNA molecules which have been partially cleaved by ribonuclease, to the T. hyodysenteriae culture. After induction of the RNA, the T. hyodysenteriae cells are separated from the rest of a culture broth preparation by means such as centrifugation. The supernatant is then treated by means such as described above in order to obtain purified hemolysin. Recombinant methods may also be employed for producing T. hyo. hemolysin to be used in a vaccine. The T. hyo. hemolysin in conjunction with a physiologically acceptable carrier, is employed as a vaccine to provide protection against swine dysentery and in particular swine dysentery induced by T. hyodysenteriae. The T. hyo. hemolysin is employed in the vaccine in an amount effective to provide protection against swine dysentery. The hemolysin may be administered in an amount of from about 25,000 to about 1,000,000 units per dose, preferably from about 100,000 units to about 500,000 units per dose. Hemolysin units may be determined through an assay procedure disclosed in an article by Knoop in Infection and Immunity, Volume 31, No. 1, pgs. 193-198 (1981). The term "protection" or "protecting" when used with respect to the vaccine for swine dysentery described herein means that the vaccine prevents swine dysentery and/or reduces the severity of swine dysentery. In one embodiment, the vaccine is prepared by admixing the T. hyo. hemolysin with an adjuvant such as mineral oil, although other adjuvants may also be used, such as alum and synthetic polymers. Carriers for vaccines are well-known in the art and the selection of a suitable carrier is deemed to be within the scope of those skilled in the art from the teachings herein. The selection of a suitable carrier is also dependent upon the manner in which the vaccine is to be administered. The vaccine may be in the form of an injectable dose and may be administered intra-muscularly, intravenously, or by sub-cutaneous administration. It is also possible to administer the vaccine orally by mixing the active components with feed or water or by providing a tablet form, etc. Other means for administering the vaccine should be apparent to those skilled in the art from the teachings herein; accordingly, the scope of the invention is not limited to a particular delivery form. In another embodiment of the present invention, the T hyo. hemolysin may be employed in a vaccine in conjunction with one or more proteins which are capable of eliciting antibodies which recognize a T. hyo. antigen having a molecular weight of from about 19 kda to about 90 kda, and preferably such T. hyo. antigen which is recognized has a molecular weight of at least 25 kda and most generally the molecular weight does not exceed 65 kda. In a particularly preferred embodiment such protein or proteins elicit an antibody which recognizes one or more of the T. hyo. antigens having the following molecular weights: 19 kda; 29 kda; 30 kda; 31 kda; 34 kda; 36 kda; 38 kda; 39 kda; 42 kda; 44 kda; and 60 kda. In general, such protein or proteins will immunoreact with serum of swine convalescing from swine dystentery. Such protein may be the corresponding T. hyo. antigen and/or a fragment and/or derivative thereof. Such protein or proteins, as may be used in combination with T. hyo. hemolysin in a physiologically acceptable vehicle as a vaccine for protecting swine against swine dysentery. The T. hyodysenteriae antigen(s) and/or fragment(s) and/or derivative(s) thereof, when used in conjunction with T. hyodysenteriae hemolysin in a vaccine, is employed in said vaccine in an amount of at least 5 micrograms per dose, and preferably in an amount of at least 100 micrograms per dose. In most cases, the vaccine does not include such antigen(s) and/or fragment(s). and/or derivative(s) thereof in an amount greater than 20 milligrams. The molecular weights for characterizing the antigen(s) are obtained by discontinuous polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis using the SDS buffer system described by Laemmli Nature 227; 680-85 (London 1970) with an acrylamide concentration of 10-17% and a bis-acrylamide to acrylamide ratio of 1:29. Particularly preferred are proteins which elicit antibodies which recognize a T. hyo. antigen having a molecular weight of about 38 kda, 39 kda, 42 kda, or 60 kda; in particular 42 kda. There may be more than one T. hyo. protein or antigen having each of such molecular weights. The T. hyo. proteins used in combination with the hemolysin may be obtained as described in U.S. application Ser. No. 026,781 or Ser. No. 165,305, both now abandon. Alternatively, the protein or proteins capable of eliciting an antibody which recognizes the noted T. hyo. antigen or antigens, which are used in combination with T. hyo. hemolysin may be obtained by recombinant techniques, for example, as described in U.S. application Ser. No. 213,262 filed on Jun. 29, 1988, which is hereby incorporated by reference. In another embodiment, the T. hyo. hemolysin, is partially inactivated by cross-linking the hemolysin to a carrier peptide such as a lysozyme in order to try to heighten the immune responses to the hemolysin. The lysoszyme may be in an active or an inactive form. Although both of the above embodiments of the vaccine are effective in reducing the weight loss of pigs orally challenged and infected with T. hyodysenteriae, the scope of the invention is not intended to be limited to these embodiments of the vaccine. The T. hyodysenteriae hemolysin which may be employed in a preferred embodiment of the vaccine of the present invention is of a structure which appears not to be related to hemolysins produced by other microorganisms. Most hemolysins produced by other bacteria are large peptide molecules having a molecular weight from about 30,000 to about 70,000. The T. hyodysenteriae hemolysin is not related to these hemolysins, but instead appears to be a close analog of streptolysin S, which is produced by a gram positive Streptococcus. The streptolysin S molecule has been characterized as a small peptide of about 30 amino acids, but has not proven to be such a peptide nor has its gene been cloned. The T. hyodysenteriae hemolysin has been shown to act like an enterotoxin when applied to isolated swine mucosal tissue. The hemolysin has also been shown to be cytopathic, or cytotoxic, to Chinese hamster ovary cells, Bowes melanoma cells, and red blood cells. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A vaccine for protection against swine dysentery, comprising: T. hyodysenteriae hemolysin, and a physiologically acceptable carrier, said vaccine being essentially free of T. hyodysenteriae cells and further comprising said hemolysin in an amount effective for protecting against swine dysentery. 2. 2. The vaccine of claim 1, and further comprising: at least one protein which elicits antibodies which recognize a T. hyodysenteriae antigen having a molecular weight of from about 19 kda to about 90 kda. 3. 3. The vaccine of claim 2 wherein said at least one protein elicits an antibody which recognizes at least one of the 19 kda, 29 kda, 30 kda, 31 kda, 34 kda, 36 kda, 38 kda, 39 kda, 42 kda, 44 kda, and 60 kda T. hyodysenteriae antigens. 4. 4. The vaccine of claim 3 wherein said at least one protein elicits an antibody which recognizes at least one of the 38 kda, 39 kda, 42 kda, and 60 kda T. hyodysenteriae antigens. 5. 5. The vaccine of claim 4 wherein said at least one protein elicits an antibody which recognizes the 42 kda antigen. 6. 6. A method for protecting swine against swine dysentery, comprising: administering to swine T. hyodysenteriae hemolysin, and a physiologically acceptable carrier, said hemolysin being administered in an amount effective to protect against swine dysentery. 7. 7. A method for protecting swine against swine dysentery, comprising administering to swine a vaccine comprising T. hyodysenteriae hemolysin and at least one protein which elicits antibodies which recognize a T. hyodysenteriae antigen having a molecular weight of from about 19 kda to about 90 kda, and a physiologically acceptable carrier, said hemolysin and said at least one protein being administered in amounts effective to protect swine against swine dysentery. 8. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein said at least one protein elicits an antibody which recognizes at least one of the 19 kda, 29 kda, 30 kda, 31 kda, 34 kda, 36 kda, 38 kda, 39 kda, 42 kda, and 60 kda T. hyodysenteriae antigens. 9. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein said at least one protein elicits an antibody which recognizes at least one of the 38 kda, 39 kda, 42 kda, and 60 kda T. hyodysenteriae antigens. 10. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein said at least one protein elicits an antibody which recognizes the 42 kda T. hyodysenteriae antigen. 11. 11. The method of claim 6 wherein said hemolsyin is administered in an amount of from about 25,000 units to about 1,000,000 units per dose. 12. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein said hemolysin is administered in an amount of from about 100,000 units to about 500,000 units per dose. 13. 13. The method of claim 7 wherein said hemolysin is administered in an amount of from about 25,000 units to about 1,000,000 units per dose. 14. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein said hemolysin is administered in an amount of from about 100,000 units to about 500,000 units per dose. 15. 15. The method of claim 7 wherein said T. hyodysenteriae antigen(s) or fragment(s), or derivative(s) thereof is administered in an amount of at least 5 micrograms per dose. 16. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein said T. hyodysenteriae antigen(s) or fragment(s) or derivative(s) thereof is administered in an amount of at least 100 micrograms per dose.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176911</DOCNO><APP-NO>388479</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19890802</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176911</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>C12N  1/20</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 93J</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>21663 A/88	19880805	IT</PRIORITY><CITATION>4689226/19870800	4839281/19890600</CITATION><INVENTOR>Tosi; Silvana<tab>Dondi; Giancarla<tab>Bottazzi; Vittorio<tab>Dellaglio; Franco<tab>Morelli; Lorenzo</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Universita Cattolica del Sacro Cuore<tab>Dr. A. Tosi Farmaceutici S.r.l.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Pharmaceutical compositions comprising selected lactobacillus strains</TITLE><ABST>Topical pharmaceutical compositions, suited for the use in gynecology and urology, comprise as active principles selected Lactobacillus strains isolated from vaginal or urologic habitat of asymptomatic patients.</ABST><SPEC>The pharmaceutical compositions of the invention are particularly useful for the treatment of vaginal and urological infections of mycotic and bacterial origin. The strains were deposited at the Collection National de Cultures de Microorganisms (CNCM) of Institut Pasteur--Paris (France) on Jul. 21, 1988; The identity and deposit numbers of the strains of the invention is hereinbelow reported. ______________________________________ LACTOBACILLUS CASEI I-785 LACTOBACILLUS GASSERI I-786 LACTOBACILLUS FERMENTUM I-789 LACTOBACILLUS CASEI I-790 SUBSP.PSEUDOPLANTARUM LACTOBACILLUS CRISPATUS I-787 LACTOBACILLUS FERMENTUM I-788 ______________________________________ Some information relevant to the characterisation of the strain of the invention are hereinbelow reported. Lactobacillus Casei: I-785 Guanine+cytosine content (G+C %): 39.7% Fermented sugars according to API CHL 5041 test L-arabinose ribose galactose glucose fructose N-acetylglucosamine maltose melibiose sucrose melicitose raffinose gluconate 5-oxo-gluconate Plasmids: 1 plasmid 30M daltons Surface protein (S-layer): Molecular weight 56-66.000 daltons. Lactobacillus gasseri: I-786 G+C %: 34.5 Fermented sugars according to API CHL 5041 test galactose glucose fructose mannose N-acetylglucosamine amygdaline arlutine salicine cellobiose maltose sucrose trehalose gentiliose D tagatose Plasmids: 1 32M daltons Surface protein: two bands with Molecular weight=50.000 Hybridization with Lactobacillus gasseri DSM 20043:78% Lactobacillus fermentum: I-789 G+C %: 51.2 Fermented sugar according to HPI CHL 5041 test L-arabinose ribose galactose glucose fructose mannose maltose lactose melibiose sucrose raffinose gluconate 5-oxo-gluconate Hybridization with Lactobacillus fermentum ATCC 14932:100% Lactobacillus casei supsp.Pseudoplantarum: I-790 G+C %: 46 Hybridization with ATCC 2558:92% Lactobacillus crispatus: I-787 G+C %: 38 Hybridization with ATCC 33820:80% Lactobacillus fermentum (LF4): I-788 G+C %: 52.2 Hybridization with ATCC 14931 The compositions of the invention may comprise one or more strains selected in the above defined group. Particularly favourable therapeutic results were obtained with the following mixtures: MIXTURE A 1 ______________________________________ Lactobacillus Casei I-785 Lactobacillus Gasseri I-786 Lactobacillus Fermentum I-789 ______________________________________ MIXTURE A 2 ______________________________________ Lactobacillus Casei subsp.Pseudoplantarum I-790 Lactobacillus Crispatus I-787 Lactobacillus Fermentum I-788 ______________________________________ Of course, other mixtures or single strains may be advantageously used in the compositions, comprised within the invention's scope. A particularly preferred strain is Lactobacillus fermentum I-789, which proved to be endowed with a direct inhibitory action on some species of pathogenic fungi, particularly on Candida strains, as it has been shown by means of in vitro tests on agar plates whereupon Candida strain was contacted with Lactobacillus fermentum I-789. An inhibitory halo of Candida was noticed and a test carried out using the sterile surnatant of the I-789 culture instead of the whole cells shows that said inhibitory action is not due to inhibitory substances released in the culture medium. For the practical use, the microorganisms of the invention are formulated in suitable administration forms such as ovules, creams, vaginal capsules, solutions for lavages, sachets and the like. Unit doses may comprise from 10.sup.3 to 10.sup.10 cells of each single strain, the preferred dosage being about 10.sup.6 cells per unit dose. The bacterial cultures are preferably in lyophilized forms and may be prepared according to conventional methods. For the preparation of aqueous formulations for lavages and irrigations small bottles are used, provided with resevoirs containing the lyophilized microorganisms, to be dissolved before use in a suitable liquid carrier contained in the bottles. The compositions of the invention are practically devoid of any toxicity and show no systemic absorptions so as to allow the administration also to pregnant patients and in cases of intolerability to antimycotic or antibacterial drugs. The compositions of the invention are therefore particularly useful, inter alia, for the prophylaxis of fungal infections due to antibiotic treatments and corresponding complications (formation of resistant strains, relapses etc.). The clinical experience up to now acquired shows as particularly convenient and effective a treatment schedule comprising the administration of the composition of the invention in form of capsules, creams or ovules to be administered before sleeping followed by a lavage on the subsequent morning. The following non limitative examples further illustrate the compositions of the invention. EXAMPLE 1 ______________________________________ OVULES ______________________________________ Active principle 1 .times. 10.sup.6 cells of each strain Mixture A 1 Excipient 2800 mg Semi-synthetic glycerides ______________________________________ EXAMPLE 2 ______________________________________ VAGINAL CREAM (30 g tube) ______________________________________ Active principle 1 .times. 10.sup.6 cells of each strain Lactobacillus fermentum I-789 Excipient Hydrogenated lanoline 5 g Vaseline oil 5 g Dimethylpolysiloxane 10 g SiO.sub.2 (Aerosil 200 .RTM.) 15 g Dodecylglycol 1,5 g polyethylenglycol 1000 copolymer 6 g ______________________________________ EXAMPLE 3 ______________________________________ VAGINAL CAPSULES ______________________________________ Active principle 1 .times. 10.sup.6 cells of each strain Mixture A 1 Excipient Triglycerides with C.sub.8 -C.sub.12 1500 mg fatty acids (Migliol .RTM.) Glycerine 2500 mg Titanium dioxide 10 mg ______________________________________ EXAMPLE 4 ______________________________________ BOTTLES WITH RESERVOIR Each bottle contains: ______________________________________ a) RESERVOIR 1 .times. 10.sup.6 cells of each strain Lyophilized mixture A 1 b) BOTTLE (10 ml) Glycerine 4,0 g Water q.s. to 10 ml ______________________________________ EXAMPLE 5 ______________________________________ SOLUTION FOR LAVAGES Each bottle with reservoir contains: ______________________________________ a) RESERVOIR 1 .times. 10.sup.3 cells of each strain Lyophilized mixture A 2 b) BOTTLE (150 ml) Glycerine 60 g Water q.s. to 150 ml ______________________________________ The present invention concerns pharmaceutical compositions suited for the treatment of vaginal and urological diseases, containing selected strains of microorganisms of the "Lactobacillus" genus. A further object of the invention is provided by said strains. The use of lactic acid bacteria in gynecology has already been proposed (FR 6838 M and U.S. Pat. No. 4592748). Their use in urology has been disclosed, for instance, by: a) Andrew W. BRUCE--Gregor REID: "Intravaginal instillation of lactobacilli for prevention of recurrent urinary tract infections"; b) Gregor REID--Andrew W. BRUCE--Mojtaba BEHESATI: "Effect of antibiotic treatment on receptivity of uroepithelial cells to uropathogens"; c) Gregor REID--Jacqueline A. McGROARTY--Rosanne ANGOTTI and Roger L. COOK: "Lactobacillus inhibitor production against "Escherichia coli" and coaggregation ability with uropathogens". It has now been found that the use of particular strains of Lactobacillus, isolated from the vaginal habitat, taxonomically characterized and selected by means of "in vitro" activity tests, allow to obtain particularly favourable therapeutic results, thanks to: (a) their high affinity towards the vaginal epithelium allowing their implant on the vaginal mucosa both in physiological and in pathological conditions, restoring therefore the optimal microflora and pH conditions; (b) their direct action on the pathogenic microorganism, apparently not due to the production of diffusible inhibitory substances but to a coaggregation with the phatogenic microorganism. Of course, the validity of the invention should not be considered to be connected with the verification of the above suggested mechanism of action . </SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A strain of Lactobacillus, deposited at C.N.C.M. of Institute Pasteur and having the identity and deposit number of Lactobacillus fermentum I-789. 2. 2. A pharmaceutical composition containing the Lactobacillus strain of claim 1. 3. 3. A pharmaceutical composition according to claim 2 containing from 10.sup.3 to 10.sup.10 cells of the strain per unit dose. 4. 4. A pharmaceutical composition according to claim 4 containing about 10.sup.6 cells of each strain per unit dose. 5. 5. A pharmaceutical composition according to claim 2 in the form of creams, ovules, vaginal capsules, or solutions for lavages.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176912</DOCNO><APP-NO>647245</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910129</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176912</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K 31/52</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424 9463</PRI-USPC><CITATION>4341783/19820700	4708964/19871100	4826677/19890500</CITATION><INVENTOR>Cabezas; Orestes</INVENTOR><TITLE>Method of treating psoriasis</TITLE><ABST>A method of treating psoriasis which includes subcutaneously injecting into the tissue of a person a dose of cc of a mixture composed of 0.1 milligrams histamine phosphate, 9.25 milligrams bacteriologic peptadase, 110.00 milligrams diprophylline, 4.0 milligrams chlorophenamine, about 0.1 milligram methyl paraben and propylparaben, about 0.2 milligrams sodium chloride, water and then observing the site for between one and three days to observe when the tissue surface at the site is no longer inflamed and is normal and, then, successively injecting 1 cc again and again with a similar observation interval for a period of about two weeks to develop a tolerance to the mixture; and thereafter, repeating the process of injecting every twenty-four hours to seventy-two hours with a 2 cc injection until the symptoms of the psoriasis condition disappear.</ABST><SPEC>In a first example, the Desensil was injected for a period of fifteen days in an amount of 1 cc per injection. The first injection resulted in a small bulbous zone at the site of the injection which turned red and in a period of twenty-four hours subsided with the redness disappearing and the site assuming a normal appearance. The injections of 1 cc were continued each twenty-four hour interval during a period of fifteen days. During this period a clinical chart of the process was maintained. At the end of the two week period and the development of tolerance, the injections were increased to two cc's every other day for a period of sixty days. During the two month period, a gradual reduction in the symptoms of psoriasis was noted and at the end of the two month period, the symptoms had disappeared entirely. In another example, the same process was repeated wherein the period for the development of the tolerance was maintained at about two weeks or fourteen days; however, it was noted that the skin following the 1 cc injection did not return to normal for a period of about forty-eight hours after each injection. After the two weeks initial tolerance developing period, the 2 cc's injections were commenced and after a period of six months during which the symptoms gradually diminished, all of the symptoms had disappeared. In a third example, after initial tolerance injections for a two week period, the 2 cc injections were periodically applied for four months; and it was found that the 1 cc injections during the tolerance building two week initial period required almost three days for the skin at the site of the injection to return to normal. During the four month period, the symptoms gradually disappeared. The Denesil solution is available from the Minister of Health, Public Pharmaceutical Laboratory, JULIO TRIGO, Calzada de Boyeros, km 71/2, Boyeros, Cuba. That mixture is composed in each milliletor of 0.1 milligrams histamine phosphate, 9.25 milligrams bacteriologic peptadase, 110.00 milligrams diprophylline, 4.0 milligrams chlorophenamine, about 0.1 milligram methyl terabine propylparaben, about 0.2 milligrams sodium chloride, and water. The amount of the latter two ingredients and the water may be varied with respect to one another and preferably distilled water is used. This solution must be maintained in a cool condition and, since it is sensitive to light, in an opaque container. The medicine was developed for the treat of allergies; but no specific use was assigned to it. It has been discovered that this solution utilized in the manner described herein causes the symptoms of psoriasis to disappear. Once the symptoms disappear, it has been observed that on several occasions, the psoriasis condition reappeared. This happened when the person was under stress. In those relatively few cases, a repeating of the method described herein, once again, caused the symptoms to disappear. The subcutaneously injected mixture of solution is injected into the tissue, and not into the blood. The skin turns red at the site of the injection; and a small bulbous protrusion can be observed. The redness, however, disappears and the appearance of the skin at the injection site returns to normal within a week and usually within twenty-four to forty-eight hours. When the redness or the skin returns to a normal appearance, the injection is repeated again in the initial tolerance building process, and, thereafter, in the 2 cc treatment injections until the psoriasis symptoms disappear. The injections are not deep but rather just beneath the surface of the skin and at the injection site there appears to be a little bubble under the skin for a period of one or two days while the solution is absorbed. While this invention has been shown and described in what is considered to be a practical and preferred embodiment, it is recognized that departures may be made within the spirit and scope of this process which should therefore not be limited except as set forth in the claims which follow hereinafter within the doctrine of equivalents. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates to a series of treatments for the dermatological condition accompanied by pathological cell proliferation. Diseases accompanied by a pathological epidermal cell proliferation are relatively frequent and concern a substantial portion of the population. A main condition is known as psoriasis. Previous efforts to resolve symptoms of this disease include the method of U.S. Pat. No. 4,328,231 which teaches a topical application to the skin of a person with the disease; the method of U.S. Pat. No. 4,228,176, wherein a patient is administered an anti-inflammatory amount of Burimamide or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof; the method of U.S. Pat. No. 3,212,970, wherein an antihistaminic component is utilized and injected intramuscularly; and the method of U.S. Pat. No. 3,904,766, wherein tolerance is induced to the drug, mechlorethamine hydrochloride, by intravenous injections over a three week period and, subsequently and periodically applying topically a composition of the chemical in an anhydrous pharmaceutically acceptable carrier. The present invention is of the discovery that a patient having the disease of psoriasis may enjoy a disappearance of the symptoms by, first, building a tolerance by subcutaneous injections of a medicine described below during a period of about two weeks with the successive injections spaced from one another by a period of about one to three days. The medicine is a solution sold under the commercial name Desensil. After the two week period of successive injections and the development of tolerance, the amount of the injections is increased from one cc to no more than two cc's per injection and the process is continued until the symptoms of the psoriasis condition disappear. Numerous patients have been treated in accordance with this method with the result that the symptoms of psoriasis disappear and, in some cases, do not return at all, and in other cases, symptoms subsequently return, usually during or after a period of stress which has been undergone by the patient . </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. The method of treating psoriasis comprising the steps of: a) first injecting subcutaneously in the tissue of a person at a site on the person one cc of a mixture, said mixture comprising per millimeter: 0.1 milligrams histamine phosphate 9.25 milligrams bacteriologic peptadase 110.00 milligrams diprophylline 4.0 milligrams chlorophenamine about 0.1 milligram methyl paraben and propylparaben about 0.2 milligrams sodium chloride Water; b) second, when the tissue surface at the site is no longer inflamed and is normal, inject 1 cc again; c) third, repeat the second step of this process for a period to develop tolerance to the mixture; d) fourth, after the period of about two weeks to develop tolerance, inject no more that 2 cc's per injection until the symptoms of the psoriasis condition disappear. 2. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein 2 cc's are injected per injection in performing the fourth step. 3. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the site is on the inside forearm of the person. 4. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the period of the third step is at least two weeks. 5. 5. The method of claim 3 wherein the period of the third step is at least two weeks.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176913</DOCNO><APP-NO>371387</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19890623</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176913</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K 35/78</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>4241951</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>2441/88	19880624	CH</PRIORITY><CITATION>3867396/19750200	4370151/19830100	4377395/19830300	4704161/19871100</CITATION><INVENTOR>Honerlagen; Hans J.<tab>Steiner; Rudolf</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Emil Flachsmann AG</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Process for preparing a partial extract containing the volatile in steam components and further lipophilic components of medical plants and/or spice plants</TITLE><ABST>A partial extract containing the volatile in steam components and further lipophilic components of medical plants and/or spice plants or parts thereof, which may be charged in fresh or dried state, is obtained by a) mixing said plants or parts thereof with at least one organic solvent and extracting in usual manner, then either b) 1) adding to this extraction mixture at least one drying agent, in order to take away the water from the organic phase, and then separating the dried organic phase from the vegetable solid matter and from the drying agent, or b) 2) separating the vegetable solid matter from the organic phase, then adding to this organic phase at least one drying agent, in order to take away the water, and then separating the dried organic phase from the drying agent, and c) distilling the organic solvent(s), and recovering in this way a lipophilic concentrate.</ABST><SPEC>DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS In the inventive process the water in the organic phase may also be separated by means of membrane technology instead of the use of a drying agent. When cloves of garlic are reduced to small pieces in an organic solvent, then the reaction between the alliin and the enzyme alliinase is tied off. With the inventive process especially the following plants are extracted: Acorrus calamus L. (Rhizom) Allium - species (e.g.: A. cepa L., A. ursinum L., A. sativum L.; Bulbus) Alpinia officinarum Hanoe (Rhizom) Anethum graveolens L. (Fructus) Angelica archangelica L. various different subspecies, (Rhizoma) Anthennis nobilis L. (Chamomilla romana, Herba) Apium graveolens L. (Fructus) Archum major Gaertn. (Radix) Arnica montana L. (Flos) Artemisia absinthium L. (Herba) Artemisia dracuncuius L. (Herba) Brassica nigra [L.]Koch (Semen) Carum carvi L. (Fructus) Chrysanthemum vulgare Asch. (Herba) Cinnamomum camphora, various different species (Cortex) Cinnamomum ceylanicum Nees. (Cortex) Citrus: various different species (Folium, Flavedo, Fruct.) Copaifera reticulata Duke (Balsam) Coriandrum sativum L. (Fructus) Cuminum cyminum L. (Fructus) Curcuma zedoaria [Bergius] Roxb, and further sub species (Rhizoma) Cusparia officinalis [Willd,]Eng. (Cortex) Dipterocarpus turbinatus Gaertn, (Balsamum) Drosera - species (D. rotundifolia L., D. ramentac xea Burch; Herba) Elettaria cardamomum [L.] White et Mathon (Fructus) Eucalyptus globulus Labill, (Folium) Foeniculum vulgare Miller (Fructus) Gaultheria procumbens L, (Folium) Hedoma pulegioides [L.] Pers. (Herba) Hibiscus abelmosohus L. (Semen) Humulus lupulus L. [F]os, Glandulae) Hysopus officinalis L. (Herba) Illicium verum Hook.f. (Fructus) Inuls helenium L. (Rhizoma) Iris pallida Lam. (Rhizoma) Jasminum grandiflorum L. (Flos) Laurus nobilis L. (Folium, (Fructus) Lavendula officinalis, various different species (Flos) Lawsonia inermis L. (Folium) Levisticum offioinale Koch (Radix) Matricaria chamomilla L. (Flos) Melaleuca: various different varieties (Folium) Melilotus officinalis [L.] Lam. em. Thuill. (Herba) Melissa offioinalis L. (Herba) Mentha, all varieties (Folium) Myristica fragrans Houttuyn (Arillus, Semen) Myrtus communis L. (Folium) Ocimum basilicum L. (Herba) Ocotea sassafras (Cortex) Oenanthe aquatica [L.] Poir (Fructus) Olibanum (Resinum) Origanum majorana L. and further sub species (Herba) Petroselinum crispum [Mill.] Nym. (Fructus, Herba) Pimenta dioica [L.] Merill (Fructus) Pimpinella anisum L. (Semen) Piper angustifolium Ruiz. et Pavon, (Folium) Pogostemon patchouli Pell, (Folium) Prunus laurocerasus L. (Folium) Rosmarinus officinalis L. and further sub species (Folium) Ruta graveolens L. (Herba) Salvia officinalis L. and further sub species (Folium) Santalum album L. (Lignum) Sarothamnus scoparius [L.] Wimmer (Herba) Sassafras albidum.[Nutt.] Nees (Lignum) Satureja hortensis L. (Herba) Syzyguim aromaticum Merr. et Perry (Flores, Folium) Thymus scrpyllum L. (Herba) Thymus vulgaris L. (Herba) Tilia cordat Mill. and platyphyllos Scop. (Flos) Valeriana officinalis and further sub species (Radix) Zingiberia officinale Roscoe (Rhizoma) Plants with ethereal oils, such as e.g. Fructus anisi stellati Fructus anisi vulg. Fructus carvi Flores humuli lup. Fructus coriandri Fructus juniperi Fructus foeniculi Flores chamomillae Herba thymi Radix valerianae offic. Rhiz. zingiberis, are fully extracted with lower alcohols or ketones according to known extraction processes; the menstruum is dehydrated before evaporation. The concentration of the dehydrated menstruum is preferably carried out in vacuum up to the total removal of the solvent. Obtained are the lipophilic components of the plant, including the ethereal oils. For example in the case of camomile the matricin is obtained, the precursor of the not very stable azulene. The so extracted plants are then extracted either with cold or hot water or with water miscible diluted organic solvents. This extract contains then all polar components of the plant. The menstruum is also evaporated under reduced pressure up to a sirup consistency and then dried according to known processes. By combining both phases, preferably in the final formulation, complete extracts are obtained, which complete extracts have the activity spectrum of the medical plant or of the spice plant. Plants without ethereal oils but having substances volatile in steam, such as e.g. Herba droserae Folia henna Herba spartii scopar. Herba meliloti offic. are also extracted with lower alcohols or lower ketones, the menstruum is dehydrated before evaporation, so that the components volatile in steam remain completely in the evaporization concentrate. The drugs set free from their components, volatile in steam, are extracted then with water. After a separate drying of both phases both phases are combined to a complete extract. Suitable means for the dehydration of the organic phases are water-free sodium sulfate, gelatin or tragacanth. When the residues are extracted with water, it is clear that the previously introduced drying agent may not be water soluble. In this case e.g. tragacanth, molecular sieves etc. are used. The partial extracts or complete extracts, prepared according to this invention, preferably in the form of a lipophilic concentrate, or in the form of a concentrate containing the lipophilic and hydrophilic components, may be used in dependency of the respective extracted plant as a remedy or as a spice. The following examples shall illustrate the invention. EXAMPLE 1 10 kg ground valerian roots (Radix valerianae offic. 1.) were wetted with 5 liters of 96% ethanol and let stand overnight. The next morning the wet drug was introduced into a percolation tube and then percolated with 75 liters of 96% ethanol at room temperature. The percolate was dehydrated by the addition of 3 kg gelatine powder and separated from the water containing gelatine by filtration. From the filtrate the solvent was removed at a maximum temperature of 40.degree. C. and under reduced pressure. Obtained were 0.34 kg with an ethereal oil content of 5.3% by weight. The drug extracted with ethanol was dried in the air and then extracted with 80 liters hot water having a temperature of about 90.degree. C. in a stirring process during 60 minutes. Then this was filtrated, and the filtrate was concentrated under reduced pressure at a maximum of 70.degree. C. up to sirup consistency. The sirupy extract was dried then in a vacuum drying cabinet at a maximum of 70 .degree. C. There were obtained 1.25 kg dried extract. For dispensing hard gelatine capsules were chosen. In each capsule 68 mg of the with ethanol obtained phase and 249.5 mg of the water phase were added, so that in each capsule the extraction compounds of 2.0 g valerian roots are contained. The "Deutsche Monographie der Kommission E" (German Monograph of the Commission E) prescribes for valerian roots a single dose of extract from 2 to 3 g drug. By the intake of one capsule the single dose is reached. EXAMPLE 2 10 kg hop flower (Flores humuli lupuli) were extracted as described in Example 1. Obtained were 1.6 kg solvent free ethanol phase having an ethereal oil content of 2.3% by weight. Obtained were also 1.5 kg of dried water phase. Also here hard gelatine capsules were prepared. 160 mg of the phase, obtained with ethanol, and 150 mg of the phase, obtained with water, were placed in each capsule. The "Deutsche Standardzulassung" (German Standard Admission) for hop flower prescribe a single dose of 1 to 2 teaspoons of the fruit of the hop for the preparation of one cup of tea. One teaspoon hop flower weighs 1 g, so that the described capsule corresponds to a single dose. EXAMPLE 3 30 kg fresh cloves of garlic were placed in 400 kg methanol. The reduction to small pieces of the cloves of garlic was realized slowly and carefully in methanol by means of a cutting device. After the reduction to small pieces of all cloves of garlic extraction thereof for one hour at room temperature under stirring was carried out. Then this was filtered, to the filtrate 16 kg water-free sodium sulfate were added and stirred for two hours. After 2 hours filtration was carried out, and the water-free filtrate was concentrated under reduced pressure at a maximum temperature of 40.degree. C. to sirup consistency. The sirupy extract was then dried at a maximum temperature of 70.degree. C. in a vacuum drying cabinet. Obtained were 1 kg dried extract containing about 8 % by weight of alliin. The with methanol extracted drug was dried in the air and then extracted with 240 liters of water during 1 hour at 90.degree. C. After the separation of the drug residue the aqueous menstruum was concentrated at a maximum temperature of 70.degree. C. under reduced temperature up to sirup consistency and then dried in the vacuum drying cabinet. Obtained were 5 kg of dried extract. By mixing of 1 part of the with methanol obtained phase with 5 parts of the with water obtained phase a complete extract of garlic roots was obtained. By this process a fivefold concentration of the fresh cloves of garlic is obtained. When from the therapeutical view only the alliin containing phase is of value, then here a thirty-fold concentration of the fresh cloves of garlic is obtained. By mixing with dried garlic powder a stable standardized remedy in the form of tablets, dragees or capsules may be prepared. The dried drug powder may also be replaced by the addition of alliinase. EXAMPLE 4 1 kg Herba spartii scop. (broom), roughly ground, were wetted with 500 ml of 96% ethanol and let stand overnight. The next morning the wet drug was filled in into a percolation tube and then percolated with 7.5 liters of 96% ethanol at room temperature. The percolate was dehydrated by the addition of 0.3 kg gelatine powder and then separated by filtration of the water containing gelatine. The filtrate was separated at a maximum temperature of 40.degree. C and a reduced pressure from the solvent. There were obtained 30 g with 24 % by weight of sparteine. The with ethanol extracted drug was extracted with 8 liters of hot water having a temperature of 90.degree. C. in a stirring process and then further treated as described in Example 1. 110 g dried extract were obtained. While there are shown and described present preferred embodiments of the invention, it is to be distinctly understood that the invention is not limited thereto, but may be otherwise variously embodied and practiced within the scope of the following claims. FIELD OF THE INVENTION The present invention is directed to a process for preparing a partial extract containing the volatile in steam components and further lipophilic components of medical plants and/or spice plants or parts thereof, which may be charged in fresh or dried state. The invention is also directed to a process for preparing a complete extract containing the volatile in steam and further lipophilic components as well as the hydrophilic components from medical plants and/or spice plants or parts thereof, which may be charged in fresh or dried states. DESCRIPTION OF THE PRIOR ART Usually plant extracts are prepared by extraction with alcohols, mixtures of alcohols and water or just with water. In some few exceptions chlorinated hydrocarbons or low boiling hydrocarbons are used, such as e.g. in the hop-extraction for the brewing industry. But in all cases only certain component groups are extracted, so that one is not able to speak of complete extracts, which contain the complete component spectra of the used plant. It is also known that fresh Plants develop already enzymatic activities during the reduction to small pieces and thus, before they may be extracted, lose either completely or partially their native components. As an example the fresh garlic (Bulbus Alii sativi) is mentioned here. Up to now it was not possible to prepare a garlic extract, containing the alliin in an unchanged form. For this, see Miething H., Thober H., Apotheker Journal 10, pages 42-48 (1985) and Koch H. P., Deutsche Apotheker Zeitung 127, 8, pages 367-369 (1987). The allicin, which is valid since about 40 years as the active principle of the garlic, is formed immediately of the genuine precursor, the alliin, during reduction to small pieces of the drug by the influence of the enzyme alliinase; see Koch H. P., Deutsche Apotheker Zeitung 127, 8, pages 367-369 (1987). In one clove of garlic, neither cut nor crushed, these two substances are present in separate cells; during the destruction of the cell walls both substances react immediately with each other. See Block E., Spektrum der Wissenschaft (May 1985) pages 66-72. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION It is an object of the present invention to provide concentrates of partial extracts and complete extracts of medical plants and/or spice plants containing also the components volatile in steam. There shall be provided also extracts which are stable and contain the native components. These objects shall be realized with a simple, cheap and economical process. Now it was found quite surprisingly that by extraction with at least one organic solvent, e.g. with lower alcohols and ketones, the components, volatile in steam, of medical plants and spice plants or parts thereof may be extracted and may be obtained in the native state, when during the extraction one takes away the water, introduced by the plant, from the solvent or when one dehydrates the extract, also named menstruum, before the evaporation. It was also found quite surprisingly, that plants or parts thereof, which develop enzymatic activities already during reduction to small pieces and thus, before they may be extracted, have already lost completely or partially their native components, may not develop their enzymatic activities when a reduction to small pieces is carried out in at least one organic solvent, e.g. in lower alcohols or in ketones, and thus allow the production of extracts which are stable and contain the native components. The provision therefore is that either the amount of the solvent is chosen such that the water introduced by the plant, also named drug, is so small that no enzymatic activity is possible, or that the water in the extraction agent is removed immediately. More specifically, in one aspect of the invention there is provided a process for preparing a partial extract of medical plants and/or spice plants, or parts thereof, which may be charged in a fresh or dried state, containing both the volatile-in-steam lipophilic components and the non-volatile-in-steam lipophilic components thereof. The process comprises (i) mixing a plant (or parts thereof) with at least one organic solvent and extracting to form an extraction mixture of an organic phase comprising volatile-in-steam lipophilic components and other lipophilic components of the plant, and a vegetable solid matter phase; (ii) adding a drying agent to remove water from the organic phase; (iii) separating a dried organic phase from the drying agent; and (iv) distilling the dried organic phase and recovering a lipophilic concentrate. In another aspect of the invention there is provided a process for preparing a complete extract of medical plants and/or spice plants (or parts thereof) containing the hydrophilic components thereof and both volatile-in-steam lipophilic components and nonvolatile-in-steam lipophilic thereof. The process comprises obtaining a lipophilic concentrate in the manner described above; mixing the resulting vegetable solid matter residue with water or a water miscible diluted organic solvent and extracting to form a solid matter/liquid phase extraction mixture; separating the solid matter from the liquid phase; distilling the liquid phase to form a hydrophilic component concentrate; and mixing the hydrophilic and lipophilic concentrates to form a complete extract. In one embodiment of preparing the lipophilic concentrate, the vegetable solid matter phase is separated from the organic phase prior to adding the drying agent. In another embodiment the drying agent is added to the extraction mixture containing both the organic phase and the vegetable solid matter phase, and then the dried organic phase is separated from the drying agent and the vegetable solid matter phase. In preparing the lipophilic concentrate the dried organic phase contains not more than 2% by weight water. Preferably, the dried organic phase is essentially free of water. In preparing the lipophilic concentrate distillation is preferably under vacuum at a temperature of up to 60.degree. C. The lipophilic concentrate can comprise a pharmaceutically active substance, a resin, a smell and flavor providing substance, or a volatile-in-steam component. Such a volatile-in-steam components can be an etheral oil, a naphthoquinone derivative, or an alkaloid. The drying agent can be added to the organic solvent prior to mixing the organic solvent with the plant or parts thereof. Also, the drying agent can be added to the mixture of the organic solvent and a plant or parts thereof during extraction. The drying agent is preferably a vegetable-or animal- or chemical-water-adsorbing material. Suitable drying agents include tragacanth, gelatin, a water-free sodium sulfate, a water-free magnesium sulfate, a water-free calcium chloride, a molecular sieve, or combinations thereof. In a preferred embodiment the organic solvent is a polar solvent such as an alcohol, especially a C.sub.1 to C.sub.4 - alcohol, particularly ethanol or methanol, a ketone, especially a C.sub.3 to C.sub.5 - ketone, particularly acetone, or an ester, especially an alkylacetate where the alkyl residue has preferably from 1 to 4 carbon atoms. In a preferred aspect of the invention the plant or parts thereof is reduced to small pieces while in contact with the organic solvent. According to the invention, the partial and complete extracts can be applied as a remedy or a spice. </SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A process for preparing a partial extract of at least one of medical plants and spice plants, or parts thereof, containing both volatile-in-steam lipophilic components and non-volatile-in-steam lipophilic components thereof, said process comprising (i) mixing a plant or parts thereof with at least one organic solvent and extracting to form an extraction mixture of an organic phase containing volatile-in-steam lipophilic components and other lipophilic components of the plant, and a vegetable solid matter phase; (ii) adding a drying agent to remove water from the organic phase; (iii) separating a dried organic phase from the drying agent; and (iv) distilling the organic phase and recovering a lipophilic concentrate containing both volatile-in-steam lipophilic components and non-volatile-in-steam lipophilic components of the plant or parts thereof. 2. 2. The process according to claim 1 characterized in that the plants to be extracted are selected from Acorus calamus L. (Rhizom) Allium - species (A. cepa L., A. ursinum L., A. Sativum L.: Bulbus) Alpinia officinarum Hance (Rhizom) Anethum graveolens L. (Fructus) Angelica archangelica L., various sub species (Rhizoma) Anthemis nobilis L. (Chamomilla romana, Herba) Apium graveolens L. (Fructus) Arctium major Gaertn. (Radix) Arnica montana L. (Flos) Artemisia absinthium L. (Herba) Artemisia dracunculus L. (Herba) Brassica nigra [L.] Koch (Semen) Carum carvi L. (Fructus) Chrysanthemum vulgare Asch. (Herba) Cinnamomum camphora, various species (Cortex) Cinnamomum ceylanicum Nees. (Cortex) Citrus (Folium, Flavedo, Fruct.) Copaifera reticulata Duke (Balsam) Coriandrum sativum L. (Fructus) Cuminum cyminum L. (Fructus) Curcuma zeodoaria [Bergius] Roxb. and sub species (Rhizoma) Cusparia officinalis [Willd.] Eng. (Cortex) Dipterocarpus turbinatus Gaertn. (Balsamum) Drosera - species (D. rotundifolia L., D. ramentacea Burch;Herba) Elettaria cardamomum [L.] White et Mathon (Fructus) Eucalytpus globulus Labill, (Folium) Foeniculum vulgare Miller (Fructus) Gaultheria procumbens L. (Folium) Hedoma pulegioides [L.] Pers. (Herba) Hibiscus abelmoschus L. (Semen) Humulus lupulus L. (Flos, Glandulae) Hysopus officinalis L. (Herba) Illicium verum Hook.f. (Fructus) Inula helenium L. (Rhizoma) Iris pallida Lam. (Rhizoma) Jasminum grandiflorum L. (Flos) Laurus nobilis L. (Folium, Fructus) Lavendula officinalis, sub species (Flos) Lawsonia inermis L. (Folium) Levisticum officinale Koch (Radix) Matricaria chamomilla L. (Flos) Melaleuca: sub species (Folium) Melilotus officinalis [L.] Lam. em. Thuill. (Herba) Melissa officinalis L. (Herba) Mentha, all species (Folium) Myristica fragrans Houttuyn (Arillus, Semen) Myrtus communis L. (Folium) Ocimum basilicum L. (Herba) Ocotea sassafras (Cortex) Oenanthe aquatica [L.] Poir (Fructus) Olibanum (Resinum) Origanum majorana L. and sub species (Herba) Petroselinum crispum [Mill.] Nym. (Fructus, Herba) Pimenta dioica [L.] Merill (Fructus) Pimpinella anisum L. (Semen) Piper angustifolium Ruiz. et Pavon. (Folium) Pogostemon patchouli Pell. (Folium) Prunus laurocerasus L. (Folium) Rosmarinus officinalis L. and sub species (Folium) Ruta graveolens L. (Herba) Salvia officinalis L. and sub species (Folium) Santalum album L. (Lignum) Sarothamnus scoparius [L.] Wimmer (Herba) Sassafras albidum [Nutt.] Nees (Lignum) Satureja hortensis L. (Herba) Syzygium aromaticum Merr. et Perry (Flores, Folium) Thymus serpyllum L. (Herba) Thymus vulgaris L. (Herba) Tilia cordata T. Mill. and platyphyllos Scop. (Flos Valeriana officinalis and sub species (Radix) Zingiberis officinale Roscoe (Rhizoma). 3. 3. A process according to claim 1, wherein prior to adding the drying agent, the vegetable solid matter phase is separated from the organic phase. 4. 4. A process according to claim 1, wherein the drying agent is added to the extraction mixture containing both the organic phase and the vegetable solid matter phase, and then the dried organic phase is separated from the drying agent and the vegetable solid matter phase. 5. 5. A process according to claim 1, where in step (i) a plant or parts thereof is reduced to small pieces while in contact with the organic solvent. 6. 6. A process according to claim 1, wherein the drying agent is added to the organic solvent prior to mixing the organic solvent with the plant or parts thereof. 7. 7. A process according to claim 1, wherein the drying agent is added to the mixture of the organic solvent and a plant or parts thereof during extraction. 8. 8. A process according to claim 1, wherein the lipophilic concentrate comprises a pharmaceutically active substance, a resin, a smell and flavor providing substance, or a volatile-in-steam component. 9. 9. A process according to claim 8, wherein the lipophilic concentrate comprises a volatile-in-steam component, said component being an ethereal oil, a naphthoquinone derivative, or an alkaloid. 10. 10. A process according to claim 1, wherein the organic solvent is a polar solvent. 11. 11. A process according to claim 10, wherein the polar solvent is an alcohol, a ketone or an ester. 12. 12. A process according to claim 1, wherein the dried organic phase contains not more than 2% by weight water. 13. 13. A process according to claim 12, wherein the dried organic phase is essentially free of water. 14. 14. A process according to claim 1, wherein the drying agent is a vegetable- or animal- or chemical-water-absorbing material. 15. 15. A process according to claim 14, wherein the drying agent is tragacanth, gelatin, a water-free sodium sulfate, a water-free magnesium sulfate, a water-free calcium chloride, a molecular sieve, or a combination thereof. 16. 16. A process according to claim 1, wherein distillation is under vacuum at a temperature of up to 60.degree. C. 17. 17. A process for preparing a complete extract of medical plants and/or spice plants, or parts thereof, comprising the hydrophilic components thereof and both volatile-in-steam lipophilic components and non-volatile-in-steam lipophilic components thereof, said process comprising obtaining a lipophilic concentrate according to the process of claim 12, mixing the resulting vegetable solid matter residue with water or a water miscible diluted organic solvent and extracting to form a solid matter/liquid phase extraction mixture; separating the solid matter from the liquid phase; distilling the liquid phase to form a hydrophilic component concentrate; and mixing the hydrophilic and lipophilic concentrates to form a complete extract.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176914</DOCNO><APP-NO>568459</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19900815</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176914</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A01N 25/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424405</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>3929232	19890902	DE	4012791	19900421	DE</PRIORITY><CITATION>4051254/19770900</CITATION><INVENTOR>Kruger; Bernd-Wieland<tab>Sasse; Klaus<tab>Brandes; Wilhelm</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Bayer Aktiengesellschaft</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Fungicidal carbocyclic anilide carbamates</TITLE><ABST>Fungicidal carbocyclic anilide carbamates of the formula ##STR1## in which X represents optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkyl or optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkenyl, Hal represents halogen, and Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 independently of one another represent hydrogen, halogen, optionally halogen-substituted alkyl, optionally halogen-substituted alkoxy or optionally halogen-substituted alkylthio, and R.sup.1 represents optionally halogen-substituted alkyl, alkenyl, alkylcarbonyloxyalkyl, alkenylcarbonyloxyalkyl and optionally substituted cycloalkyl which can be interrupted by hetero atoms, or represents optionally substituted phenyl or optionally substituted phenylalkyl, or R.sup.1 additionally can represent alkoxyalkyl, alkylthioalkyl or polyalkoxyalkyl if X represents optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkenyl.</ABST><SPEC>EXAMPLE 1 ##STR14## 4 g (13.0 mmol) of 2,3-dichloro-4-(1-methylcyclohexyl-carbonylamino)-phenol are dissolved in 20 ml of toluene, and 0.9 g (19.5 mmol) of methyl isocyanate are added to the mixture at between 10.degree. and 20.degree. C. 30 mg of DBU (1,8-diazabicyclo-(5,4,0)-undec-7-ene) are subsequently added to the reaction mixture. The mixture is stirred for 2 hours at 20.degree. C., and 1.0 g (21.7 mmol) of methyl isocyanate are added. When the reaction is complete (DC check), the mixture is cooled, and n-hexane is added slowly. The solid which has precipitated is filtered off with suction and washed with hexane. Yield: 3.5 g (81% of theory). M.P. 140.degree. C. The following compounds of the formula (I) are prepared analogously to Example 1: ##STR15## __________________________________________________________________________ Example Physical No. X Y.sup.1 Y.sup.3 Y.sup.2 Hal R.sup.1 data m.p. __________________________________________________________________________ 2 Cl H H Cl CH.sub.2 C(CH.sub.3).sub.3 121.degree. C. 3 ##STR16## Cl H H Cl C(CH.sub.3).sub.3 118.degree. C. 4 ##STR17## H H Cl Cl C(CH.sub.3).sub.3 131.degree. C. 5 ##STR18## H H Cl Cl CH.sub.2 C(CH.sub.3).sub.3 140.degree. C. 6 ##STR19## H H Cl Cl CH.sub.2 C(CH.sub.3).sub.2 CH.sub.2 OCOCH.sub.3 35.degree. C. 7 ##STR20## H H Cl Cl CH.sub.2 CH(CH.sub.3)OCOCH.sub.3 93.degree. C. 8 ##STR21## H H Cl Cl CH.sub.2 CH(CH.sub.3)OCOC.sub.4 H.sub.9 106.degree. C. 9 ##STR22## H H Cl Cl CH.sub.2 C(CH.sub.3).sub.2 CH.sub.2 OCOC.sub.4 H.sub.9 -t 38.degree. C. 10 ##STR23## H H Cl Cl CH.sub.2 CH.sub.2 OCOC.sub.4 H.sub.9 -t 132.degree. C. 11 ##STR24## H H Cl Cl CH.sub.2 CH.sub.2 OCOCH.sub.3 119.degree. C. 12 ##STR25## Cl H H Cl CH.sub.2 CH(CH.sub.3)OCOC.sub.4 H.sub.9 103.degree. C. 13 ##STR26## Cl H H Cl CH.sub.2 C(CH.sub.3).sub.2 CH.sub.2 OCOC.sub.4 H.sub.9 -t 92.degree. C. 14 ##STR27## Cl H H Cl CH.sub.2 CH.sub.2 OCOC.sub.4 H.sub.9 -t 125.degree. C. 15 ##STR28## Cl H H Cl CH.sub.3 16 ##STR29## Cl H H Cl CH.sub.3 17 ##STR30## Cl H H Cl CH.sub.3 18 ##STR31## Cl H H Cl CH.sub.3 19 ##STR32## Cl H H Cl CH.sub.3 20 ##STR33## F F F Cl CH.sub.3 21 ##STR34## H H Cl Cl ##STR35## 22 ##STR36## H H Cl Cl ##STR37## __________________________________________________________________________ PREPARATION EXAMPLES Preparation of the Starting Compounds EXAMPLE A1 ##STR38## 18.5 g (0.085 mol) of 4-amino-2,6-dichlorophenol are dissolved in 150 ml of tetrahydrofuran, and first 8.6 g (0.085 mol) of triethylamine and then, at 0.degree. C. internal temperature, 15 g (0.094 mol) of 1-methylcyclohexanecarboxylic acid chloride are added. The mixture is stirred overnight at 20.degree. C., and then another 5 g of carboxylic acid chloride and 2.8 g of triethylamine are then added to the reaction mixture to complete the reaction. After 2 hours, the mixture is poured onto ice, and the solid which has been filtered off with suction is recrystallized from toluene. This gives the abovementioned compound of melting point 140.degree. C.; yield: 22.3 g (=87% of theory). EXAMPLE A2 3,5-Dichloro-2,6-difluoro-4-hydroxybenzoic acid 300 g of potassium hydroxide, 600 ml of water, 15 g of tetrabutylammonium chloride and 135 g of 3,5-dichloro-2,4,6-trifluorobenzotrifluoride are initially introduced into a stirred vessel, and the mixture is then refluxed for 5 hours. When the reaction has finished, the mixture is cooled and rendered acid by dropwise addition of hydrochloric acid. The solid product is filtered off with suction and dried in vacuo. Yield: 93 g of melting point 102.degree.-105.degree. C. EXAMPLE A3 3-Chloro-2,5,6-trifluoro-4-hydroxy-benzoic acid Analogously to Example A2, 400 g of NaOH, 1,200 ml of water, 15 g of tetraethylammonium chloride and 276 g of 3-chloro-tetrafluorobenzotrifluoride, refluxed for 6 hours, give 238 g of product of a melting point of 87.degree.-90.degree. C. EXAMPLE A4 2,6-Dichloro-3,5-difluorophenol 50 g of 3,5-dichloro-2,6-difluoro-4-hydroxybenzoic acid and 10 ml of dimethylformamide are mixed, and the mixture is heated. At 105.degree.-130.degree. C., carbon dioxide is evolved, and the mixture is allowed to react at this temperature until the reaction is complete. 200 ml of toluene and then 80 ml of water are subsequently stirred into the mixture, the phases are separated, and the organic phase is dried and subsequently distilled. This gives 34 g of the product having a boiling point of 87.degree.-88.degree. C. and a refractive index of n.sub.D.sup.20 : 1.5310. EXAMPLE A5 Analogously to Example A4, 2-chloro-3,5,6-trifluorophenol is obtained, having a boiling point of 68.degree.-70.degree. C./20 mbar. EXAMPLE A6 2,6-Dichloro-3,5-difluoro-4-nitro-phenol 20 g of 2,6-dichloro-3,5-difluorophenol are initially introduced into 70 ml of acetic acid, and 8 g of 98% strength nitric acid are added dropwise. Stirring is subsequently continued for 2 hours at room temperature, and the mixture is taken up in 150 ml of dichloromethane and washed twice with water. After the dichloroethane has been distilled off, 18 g of product remain. 94% purity according to GC analysis. EXAMPLE A7 2-Chloro-3,5,6-trifluoro-4-nitrophenol Analogously to Example A5, nitration of 28 g of 2-chloro-3,5,6-trifluorophenol gives 25 g of 2-chloro-3,5,6-trifluoro-4-nitrophenol, having a purity of 93% and a melting point of 107.degree.-109.degree. C. EXAMPLE A8 2,6-Dichloro-3,5-difluoro-4-amino-phenol 18 g of 2,6-dichloro-3,5-difluoro-4-nitrophenol are hydrogenated in 100 ml of methanol in the presence of 1.5 g of Raney nickel at 25.degree.-45.degree. C. and 30-50 bar of hydrogen, until hydrogen is no longer taken up. After filtration, the solution is freed from the solvent under reduced pressure. 13 g of aminophenol remain (GC purity 98.4%); m.p. 151.degree. C. EXAMPLE A9 2-Chloro-3,5,6-trifluoro-4-amino-phenol Analogously to Example A8, hydrogenation of 25 g of 2-chloro-3,5,6-trifluoro-4-nitro-phenol in 120 ml of methanol and 2 g of Raney nickel gives 20 g of aminophenol (GC purity 97%). The following compounds of the formula (IV) are obtained analogously to Example A1. ______________________________________ ##STR39## (IV) Example No. X' Y.sup.1 Y.sup.3 Y.sup.2 Hal ______________________________________ A11 ##STR40## Cl H H Cl A12 ##STR41## Cl H Cl H A13 ##STR42## Cl H H Cl A14 ##STR43## Cl H H Cl A15 ##STR44## Cl H Cl H A16 ##STR45## Cl H Cl H ______________________________________ EXAMPLE Botrytis Test (Bean)/Protective Solvent: 4.7 parts by weight of acetone Emulsifier: 0.3 part by weight of alkylaryl polyglycol ether To produce a suitable preparation of active compound, 1 part by weight of active compound is mixed with the stated amounts of solvent and emulsifier, and the concentrate is diluted with water to the desired concentration. To test for protective activity, young plants are sprayed with the preparation of active compound until dripping wet. After the spray coating has dried on, 2 small pieces of agar covered with Botrytis cinerea are placed on each leaf. The inoculated plants are placed in a darkened humid chamber at 20.degree. C. 3 days after the inoculation, the size of the infected spots on the leaves is evaluated. In this test, a clearly high activity is shown, for example, by the compounds of the following Preparation Examples: 1, 7, 10., 11, 13 and 14. It is understood that the specification and examples are illustrative but not limitative of the present invention and that other embodiments within the spirit and scope of the invention will suggest themselves to those skilled in the art. The present invention relates to new cycloalkyl- or cycloalkenylcarboxanilide carbamates, to a process for their preparation, and to their use for combating pests, in particular fungi. It is known that certain substituted 3-aminophenyl-carbamates have herbicidal properties (cf. U.S. Pat. No. 3,832,384). Furthermore, many phenylcarbamates having a fungicidal action are known (cf. EP 116,409; EP 117,024; EP 125,901 and EP 293,718). Furthermore, many carboxanilides having a fungicidal action, in particular having an action against benzimidazole-tolerant phytopathogens, are known (cf. Ep 100,615). New cycloalkyl or cycloalkenyl-carboxanilide carbamates of the general formula (I) ##STR2## have been found, in which formula X represents optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkyl or optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkenyl, Hal represents halogen, and Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 independently of one another represent hydrogen, halogen, optionally halogen-substituted alkyl, optionally halogen-substituted alkoxy or optionally halogen-substituted alkylthio, and R.sup.1 represents optionally halogen-substituted alkyl, alkenyl, alkylcarbonyloxyalkyl, alkenylcarbonyloxyalkyl and optionally substituted cycloalkyl which can be interrupted by hetero atoms, or represents optionally substituted phenyl and optionally substituted phenylalkyl, and R.sup.1 additionally can represent alkoxyalkyl, alkylthioalkyl or polyalkoxyalkyl if X represents optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkenyl. The substituted cycloalkyl- or cycloalkenylcarboxanilide carbamates of the formula (I) contain one or more centers of asymmetry and can therefore be present in the form of diastereomers or mixtures of diastereomers, which are obtained in various ratios. They are mainly obtained in the form of racemates. Furthermore, it has been found that the new substituted cycloalkyl- or cycloalkenylcarboxanilide carbamates of the formula (I) ##STR3## in which X represents optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkyl or optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkenyl, Hal represents halogen, and Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 are identical or different and represent hydrogen, halogen, optionally halogen-substituted alkyl, optionally halogen-substituted alkoxy or optionally halogen-substituted alkylthio, and R.sup.1 represents optionally halogen-substituted alkyl, alkenyl, alkylcarbonyloxyalkyl, alkenylcarbonyloxyalkyl and optionally substituted cycloalkyl which can be interrupted by hetero atoms, or represents optionally substituted phenyl and optionally substituted phenylalkyl, and R.sup.1 additionally can represent alkoxyalkyl, alkylthioalkyl or polyalkoxyalkyl if X represents optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkenyl, are obtained when aminophenols of the formula (II) ##STR4## in which Hal, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 have the abovementioned meanings, are reacted, in a first reaction step, with carboxylic acid derivatives of the formula (III) ##STR5## in which X has the abovementioned meaning and Hal.sup.1 represents halogen, preferably chlorine, or a leaving group customary in acylation reactions, preferably an activating ester radical, if appropriate in the presence of an acid acceptor and if appropriate in the presence of a solvent or diluent, and in a second reaction step, the resulting intermediates of the formula (IV) ##STR6## in which X, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2, Y.sup.3 and Hal have the abovementioned meanings, are then reacted with isocyanates of the formula (V) R.sup.1 --NCO (V) in which R.sup.1 has the abovementioned meaning, if appropriate in the presence of a base and if appropriate in the presence of solvents or diluents. Finally, it has been found that the substituted cycloalkyl- or cycloalkenyl-carboxanilide carbamates of the formula (I) have, inter alia, a high fungicidal activity. The new compounds can also be used in synergistic mixtures with other known, highly active compounds Within the scope of the present invention, the substituents preferably have the following meanings: Unless stated otherwise, halogen can be fluorine, chlorine, bromine and iodine, preferably fluorine, chlorine and bromine. Alkyl, alkoxy, alkoxyalkyl, polyalkoxyalkyl, alkylthio and alkylthioalkyl represent a radial having 1-8, preferably 1-6 and particularly preferably 1-4, carbon atoms per alkyl unit, for example methyl, ethyl, n- and iso-propyl, n-, sec-, iso- and tert.-butyl, pentyl, n-hexyl or iso-hexyl, methoxy, ethoxy, n- and iso-propoxy, n-, sec.-, iso- and tert.-butoxy, pentoxy and hexoxy, methylthio, ethylthio, n- and iso-propylthio, n-, sec.-, iso- and tert.-butylthio, pentylthio and hexylthio. Halogenoalkoxy or halogenoalkylthio generally represents a straight-chain or branched hydrocarbon radical which has 1-6 carbon atoms and 1-9 identical or different halogen atoms and which is linked via oxygen or sulphur, respectively. Preferred radicals are those having 1-4 carbon atoms and 1-5 identical or different halogen atoms. Very particularly preferred radicals are those having 1 or 2 carbon atoms and 1-3 identical or different halogen atoms. The following may be mentioned as examples: trifluoromethoxy, trichloromethoxy, difluorochloromethoxy, dichlorofluoromethoxy, difluoroethoxy, trifluoroethoxy, tetrafluoroethoxy, pentafluoroethoxy, trifluoromethylthio, trichloromethylthio, difluorochloromethylthio, dichlorofluoromethylthio, difluoroethylthio, trifluoromethylthio and tetrafluoroethylthio. Halogenoalkyl has the meaning of halogenoalkoxy, with the difference that the oxygen or sulphur atom is missing. Cycloalkyl generally represents a cyclic hydrocarbon radical having 3-10 carbon atoms. Preferred radicals are those having 3-7 carbon atoms. The following may be mentioned as examples: cyclopropyl, cyclobutyl, cyclopentyl, cyclohexyl, cycloheptyl and cyclodecanyl. The cycloalkyl radicals can be monosubstituted to polysubstituted. Substituents which may be mentioned are alkyl having 1-4 carbon atoms, halogen and alkoxy having 1-4 carbon atoms. Cycloalkenyl generally represents a cyclic hydrocarbon radical having 5-10 carbon atoms. Preferred radicals are those having 5-7 carbon atoms. The following may be mentioned as examples: cyclopentenyl, cyclohexenyl and cycloheptenyl. The cycloalkenyl radicals can be monosubstituted to polysubstituted. Substituents which may be mentioned are alkyl radicals having 1-6 carbon atoms. Alkyl in this context has the preferred and particularly preferred meaning which has already been mentioned further above. Phenyl and phenylalkyl generally represent phenyl and phenylalkyl in which phenyl hydrogen atoms are optionally substituted by one or more substituents Y.sup.1 '-Y.sup.5 ', Y.sup.1 '-Y.sup.5 ' in this context have the meaning of Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3, and also nitro and cyano. Alkenyl generally represents a straight-chain or branched hydrocarbon radical having 2 to 8 carbon atoms and one or more, preferably one or two, double bonds. Lower alkenyl having 2 to 6 carbon atoms and one double bond is preferred. An alkenyl radical having 2 to 5 carbon atoms and one double bond is particularly preferred. Formula (I) provides a general definition of the substituted cycloalkyl- or cycloalkenyl-carboxanilides according to e invention. Preferred compounds of the formula (I) are those where X represents cyclopropyl, cyclobutyl, cyclopentyl, cyclohexyl or cycloheptyl, each of which is optionally monosubstituted to hexasubstituted by identical or different substituents from the series comprising straight-chain or branched alkyl radicals having 1-4 carbon atoms, or represents cycloalkenyl having 5-7 ring members where the cycloalkenyl radical can be monosubstituted to hexasubstituted by identical or different substituents from the series comprising straight-chain or branched alkyl radicals having 1-4 carbon atoms, Hal represents fluorine, chlorine or bromine, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 are identical or different and represent hydrogen, fluorine, chlorine, bromine, straight-chain or branched alkyl having 1-4 carbon atoms, straight-chain or branched alkoxy or alkylthio each having 1-4 carbon atoms, or represent halogenoalkyl, halogenoalkoxy or halogenoalkylthio each having 1-4 carbon atoms in the straight-chain or branched alkyl moiety and 1-5 identical or different halogen atoms, and R represents C.sub.1 -C.sub.8 -alkyl, C.sub.2 -C.sub.8 -alkenyl, C.sub.1 -C.sub.8 -alkylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl or C.sub.2 -C.sub.8 -alkenylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl, each of which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to nonasubstituted by halogen, or represents C.sub.3 -C.sub.7 -cycloalkyl which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to pentasubstituted by identical or different substituents from the series comprising halogen, C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl or C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy, or represents phenyl which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to pentasubstituted by identical or different substituents from the series comprising Y.sup.1 '-Y.sup.5 ', or represents phenyl-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to pentasubstituted in the phenyl moiety by identical or different substituents from the series comprising Y.sup.1 '-Y.sup.5 ', where Y.sup.1 '-Y.sup.5 ', are identical or different and have the meaning of Y.sup.1 -Y.sup.3, NO.sub.2 and cyano, or R.sup.1 additionally can represent C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl, C.sub.1 -C.sub.8 -alkylthio-C.sub.1 -C.sub.8 -alkyl or C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl if X represents optionally C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl-substituted cycloalkenyl having 5-7 ring members. Particularly preferred compounds of the formula (I) are those where X represents cyclopropyl, cyclobutyl, cyclopentyl, cyclohexyl or cycloheptyl, each of which is monosubstituted or disubstituted by identical or different substituents from the series comprising straight-chain or branched alkyl radicals having 1-4 carbon atoms, or represents cyclopentenyl, cyclohexenyl or cycloheptenyl, each of which is optionally monosubstituted or disubstituted by identical or different substituents from the series comprising straight-chain or branched alkyl radicals having 1-4 carbon atoms, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 are identical or different and represent hydrogen, fluorine, chlorine, bromine, methyl or trifluoromethyl, and Hal represents fluorine, chlorine or bromine, and R.sup.1 represents C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl, C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 -alkenyl, C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl or C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 -alkenylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl, or R.sup.1 additionally can represent C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl, C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkylthio-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl or C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl if X represents in each case optionally methyl-substituted cyclopentenyl, cyclohexenyl or cycloheptenyl. Very particularly preferred compounds of the formula (I) are those where X represents cyclopentyl, cyclohexyl, cycloheptyl, cyclopentenyl, cyclohexenyl or cycloheptenyl, each of which is substituted in the 1- or 1,3-position by methyl or ethyl, and each of which is optionally additionally substituted by a further alkyl radical having 1-3 carbon atoms, Hal represents fluorine, chlorine or bromine, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 are identical or different and represent hydrogen, fluorine, chlorine, bromine or trifluoromethyl, and R.sup.1 represents C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl, C.sub.2 -C.sub.5 -alkenyl or C.sub.1 -C.sub.5 -alkylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.5 -alkyl, or R.sup.1 additionally can represent C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl, C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkylthio-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl or C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl if X represents in each case optionally 1-methyl- or 1,3-dimethyl-substituted cyclopentenyl, cyclohexenyl or cycloheptenyl. If, for example, 2,6-dichloro-4-amino-phenol, 1-methyl-1-chlorocarbonylcyclohexane and 3-acetyl-oxypropyl isocyanate are used as starting substances, the course of the reaction can be represented by the following equation: ##STR7## Formula (II) provides a general definition of the aminophenols required as starting substances for carrying out the process according to the invention. In this formula (II), the radicals Hal and Y.sup.1 -Y.sup.3 have the meanings already given in connection with the description of the compounds of the formula (I) according to the invention. Most of the compounds are known and can be prepared by analogous processes (cf. "Methoden der organischen Chemie" [Methods of Organic Chemistry], Houben-Weyl, Vol. VI/1c, Phenols, Part 1, Georg Thieme Verlag, Stuttgart, 1976, and "Reaktionen der organischen Synthese" [Reactions in Organic Synthesis], Cesare Ferri, p. 81, 89, 91, 97, 118, 120, 122, 124, 126, 128, Georg Thieme Verlag, Stuttgart, 1978). The 4-amino-2-chloro- or -2-bromo-6-trifluoromethylphenols are known from Jp. Kokai Tokkyo Koho Jp 61/126,055 and, for example, 4-amino-2,3,5,6-tetrafluorophenol from Zh. Org. Khim. 10(9), 1923-1927 (1974). The compounds of the formula (II A) ##STR8## in which Y.sup.4 represents fluorine or chlorine, are a subject of EP-A-293,718, and they can be prepared, for example, from corresponding hydroxybenzoic acids of the formula (VA) ##STR9## by decarboxylation, followed by nitration of the resulting phenols of the formulae (VI A) ##STR10## to give the nitro compounds of the formula (VII A) ##STR11## which are then hydrogenated, for example using hydrogen and Raney nickel, to give the corresponding amines of the formulae (II A). The compounds of the formulae (VII A) are likewise a subject of EP-A-293,718. Formula (III) in which X represents cycloalkyl or cycloalkenyl provides a general definition of the cycloalkanecarboxylic acid derivatives, or cycloalkenecarboxylic acid derivatives, respectively, furthermore required for carrying out the process according to the invention. In this formula (III), the radicals X and Hal.sup.1 have the meanings already given in connection with the description of the compounds of the formula (I) according to the invention. The compounds are known and can prepared by analogous processes (cf. Diversi et al., Synthesis 1971, 258; U.S. Pat. No. 3,674,831; "Reaktionen der organischen Synthese" [Reactions in Organic Synthesis] Cesare Ferri, p. 460, 461, 1978, Georg Thieme Verlag, Stuttgart; Houben-Weyl, Methoden der organischen Chemie [Methods of Organic Chemistry]. Vol. 5 Pt. 1, p. 211, 320, 343, 428 et seq., C. Thieme-Verlag, Stuttgart, 1985). The isocyanates in which R.sup.1 has the abovementioned meaning and which are furthermore required for carrying out the process according to the invention, are known or can be prepared by analogous processes (cf. Methoden der organischen Chemie [Methods of Organic Chemistry], Houben-Weyl, Vol. E4, Carbonic Acid Derivatives, Georg Thieme Verlag, Stuttgart, p. 738 et seq. (1983)). Formula (IV) provides a definition of the acylaminophenols used as intermediates in the process according to the invention. Some of the compounds of the formula (IV) are new and are claimed in a parallel application. The acylamino derivatives of the formula (IV) are obtained by reacting aminophenols of the formula (II) ##STR12## in which Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2, Y.sup.3 and Hal have the abovementioned meanings, with carboxylic acid derivatives of the formula (III) ##STR13## in which X' and Hal.sup.1 have the abovementioned meanings, if appropriate in the presence of a solvent and if appropriate in the presence of an acid acceptor. If appropriate, the process according to the invention is carried out in the presence of acid acceptors or bases. Acid acceptors which can be used are all customary acid-binding agents. The following have proven particularly useful: alkali metal carbonates and alkali metal alcoholates, such as sodium carbonate, potassium carbonate, sodium methylate, potassium methylate, sodium ethylate and potassium ethylate, furthermore aliphatic, aromatic and heterocyclic amines, for example triethylamine, trimethylamine, dimethylaniline, 1,8-diazabicyclo-(5,4,0)-undec-7-ene, dimethylbenzylamine and pyridine. For carrying out the process according to the invention, 1-2 moles, in particular 1-1.4 moles, of the compounds of the general formula (III) are preferably employed per mole of aminophenol of the general formula (II), in the first reaction step. In the second reaction step of the process according to the invention, 1-2 moles, in particular 1-1.4 moles, of the compounds of the general formula (V) are preferably employed per mole of acylaminophenol of the formula (IV). Suitable diluents for carrying out the process according to the invention are virtually all inert organic diluents. These include, in particular, aliphatic and aromatic, optionally halogenated hydrocarbons, such as pentane, hexane, heptane, cyclohexane, petroleum ether, benzine, ligroin, toluene, xylene, methylene chloride, ethylene chloride, chloroform, carbon tetrachloride, chlorobenzene and o-dichlorobenzene, ethers, such as diethyl ether and dibutyl ether, glycol dimethyl ether and diglycol dimethyl ether, tetrahydrofuran and dioxane, ketones, such as acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, methyl isopropyl ketone and methyl isobutyl ketone, esters, such as methyl acetate and ethyl acetate, nitriles, such as, for example, acetonitrile and propionitrile, amides, such as, for example, dimethylformamide, dimethylacetamide and N-methylpyrrolidone, and also dimethyl sulphoxide, tetramethylene sulphone and hexamethyl phosphoric triamide. In general, the process according to the invention is carried out at temperatures of between -50.degree. C. and 120.degree. C. The range between 0.degree. C. and 110.degree. C. is preferred. In general, the reactions are carried out under atmospheric pressure. Working-up is carried out by customary methods, for example by extracting the products with toluene or methylene chloride from the reaction mixture which is diluted with water, washing the organic phase with water, drying and distilling, or so-called "incipient distillation", that is to say, prolonged heating to moderately increased temperatures under reduced pressure in order to free the product from the last volatile constituents, or by chromatographic purification over silica gel, or, for example, by crystallization. The compounds are characterized by the refractive index, melting point, R.sub.f value or boiling point. The active compounds according to the invention are suitable for use for combating pests, in particular as fungicides. Fungicidal agents in plant protection are employed for combating Plasmodiophoromycetes, Oomycetes, Chytridiomycetes, Zygomycetes, Ascomycetes, Basidiomycetes and Deuteromycetes. Bactericidal agents are employed in plant protection for combating Pseudomonadaceae, Rhizobiaceae, Enterobacteriaceae, Corynebacteriaceae and Streptomycetaceae. Some causative organisms of fungal and bacterial diseases which come under the generic names listed above may be mentioned as examples, but not by way of limitation: Xanthomonas species, such as, for example, Xanthomonas campestris pv. oryzae; Pseudomonas species, such as, for example, Pseudomonas syringae pv. lachrymans; Erwinia species, such as, for example, Erwinia amylovora; Pythium species, such as, for example, Pythium ultimum; Phytophthora species, such as, for example, Phytophthora infestans; Pseudoperonospora species, such as, for example, Pseudoperonospora humuli or Pseudoperonospora cubense; Plasmopara species, such as, for example, Plasmopara viticola; Peronospora species, such as, for example, Peronospora pisi or P. brassicae; Erysiphe species, such as, for example, Erysiphe graminis; Sphaerotheca species, such as, for example, Sphaerotheca fuliginea; Podosphaera species, such as, for example, Podosphaera leucotricha; Venturia species, such as, for example, Venturia inaequalis; Pyrenophora species, such as, for example, Pyrenophora teres or P. graminea (conidia form: Drechslera, syn: Helminthosporium); Cochliobolus species, such as, for example, Cochliobolus sativus (conidia form: Drechslera, syn: Helminthosporium); Uromyces species, such as, for example, Uromyces appendiculatus; Puccinia species, such as, for example, Puccinia recondita; Tilletia species, such as, for example, Tilletia caries; Ustilago species, such as, for example, Ustilago nuda or Ustilago avenae; Pellicularia species, such as, for example, Pellicularia sasakii; Pyricularia species, such as, for example, Pyricularia oryzae; Fusarium species, such as, for example, Fusarium culmorum; Botrytis species, such as, for example, Botrytis cinerea; Septoria species, such as, for example, Septoria nodorum; Leptosphaeria species, such as, for example, Leptosphaeria nodorum; Cercospora species, such as, for example, Cercospora canescens; Alternaria species, such as, for example, Alternaria brassicae and Pseudocercosporella species, such as, for example, Pseudocercosporella herpotrichoides. The good toleration, by plants, of the active compounds, at the concentrations required for combating plant diseases, permits treatment of above-ground parts of plants, of vegetative propagation stock and seeds, and of the soil. In this context, the active compounds according to the invention can be employed with particularly good success for combating Botrytis fungi on beans and for combating rice diseases, such as, for example, against the pathogen causing rice blast disease (Pyricularia oryzae). The active compounds can be converted into the customary formulations, such as solutions, emulsions, suspensions, powders, foams, pastes, granules, aerosols, very fine capsules in polymeric substances and in coating compositions for seed, as well as ULV formulations. These formulations are produced in a known manner, for example by mixing the active compounds with extenders, that is, liquid solvents, liquefied gases under pressure, and/or solid carriers, optionally with the use of surface-active agents, that is, emulsifying agents and/or dispersing agents and/or foam-forming agents. In the case of the use of water as an extender, organic solvents can, for example, also used as auxiliary solvents. As liquid solvents, there are suitable in the main: aromatics, such as xylene, toluene or alkylnaphthalenes, chlorinated aromatics or chlorinated aliphatic hydrocarbons, such as chlorobenzenes, chloroethylenes or methylene chloride, aliphatic hydrocarbons, such as cyclohexane or paraffins, for example mineral oil fractions, alcohols, such as butanol orglycol as well as their ethers and esters, ketones, such as acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, methyl isobutyl ketone or cyclohexanone, strongly polar solvents, such as dimethylformamide and dimethyl sulphoxide, as well as water. By liquefied gaseous extenders or carriers are meant liquids which are gaseous at ambient temperature and under atmospheric pressure, for example aerosol propellants, such as halogenohydrocarbons as well as butane, propane, nitrogen and carbon dioxide. As solid carriers there are suitable: for example ground natural minerals, such as kaolins, clays, talc, chalk, quartz, attapulgite, montmorillonite or diatomaceous earth, and ground synthetic minerals, such as highly-disperse silica, alumina and silicates. As solid carriers for granules there are suitable: for example crushed and fractionated natural rocks such as calcite, marble, pumice, sepiolite and dolomite, as well as synthetic granules of inorganic and organic meals, and granules of organic material such as sawdust, coconut shells, corn cobs and tobacco stalks. As emulsifying and/or foam-forming agents there are suitable: for example non-ionic and anionic emulsifiers, such as polyoxyethylene fatty acid esters, polyoxyethylene fatty alcohol ethers, for example alkylaryl polyglycol ethers, alkylsulphonates, alkyl sulphates, arylsulphonates as well as albumin hydrolysis products. As dispersing agents there are suitable: for example lignin-sulphite waste liquors and methylcellulose. Adhesives such as carboxymethylcellulose and natural and synthetic polymers in the form of powders, granules or latices, such as gum arabic, polyvinyl alcohol and polyvinyl acetate, as well as natural phospholipids, such as cephalins and lecithins, and synthetic phospholipids, can be used in the formulations. Other additives can be mineral and vegetable oils. It is possible to use colorants such as inorganic pigments, for example iron oxide, titanium oxide and Prussian Blue, and organic dyestuffs, such as alizarin dyestuffs, azo dyestuffs and metal phthalocyanine dyestuffs, and trace nutrients such as salts of iron, manganese, boron, copper, cobalt, molybdenum and zinc. The formulations in general contain between 0.1 and 95 percent by weight of active compound, preferably between 0.5 and 90%. The active compounds according to the invention can present in the formulations as a mixture with other known active compounds, such as fungicides, insecticides, acaricides and herbicides, as well as in mixtures with fertilizers and other growth regulators. The active compounds can be used as such or in the form of their formulations or the use forms prepared therefrom, such as ready-to-use solutions, emulsifiable concentrates, emulsions, foams, suspensions, wettable powders, pastes, soluble powders, dusts and granules. They are used in the customary manner, for example by watering, spraying, atomizing, scattering, dusting, foaming, brushing on and the like. It is furthermore possible to apply the active compounds by the ultra-low volume method or to inject the active compound formulation or the active compound itself into the soil. The seeds of the plants can also be treated. In the treatment of parts of plants, the active compound concentrations in the use forms can be varied within a substantial range. They are, in general, between 1 and 0.0001% by weight, preferably between 0.5 and 0.001%. In the treatment of seed, amounts of active compound of 0.001 to 50 g per kilogram of seed, preferably 0.01 to 10 g, are generally required. For the treatment of soil, active compound concentrations of 0.00001 to 0.1% by weight, preferably 0.0001 to 0.02% by weight, are required at the place of action. </SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A cycloalkyl-carboxanilide carbamate of the formula ##STR46## in which X represents optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkyl, Hal represents halogen, and Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 independently of one another represent hydrogen, halogen, optionally halogen-substituted alkyl, optionally halogen-substituted alkoxy or optionally halogen-substituted alkylthio, and at least one of Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 represents halogen, and R.sup.1 represents optionally halogen-substituted alkyl, alkenyl, alkylcarbonyloxyalkyl, alkenylcarbonyloxyalkyl and optionally substituted cycloalkyl, which can be interrupted by hetero atoms, or represents optionally substituted phenyl or optionally substituted phenylalkyl. 2. 2. A compound according to claim 1, in which X represents cyclopropyl, cyclobutyl, cyclopentyl, cyclohexyl or cycloheptyl, each of which is optionally monosubstituted or hexasubstituted by identical or different substituents from the group consisting of straight-chain or branched alkyl radicals having 1-4 carbon atoms, Hal represents fluorine, chlorine or bromine, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 are identical or different and represent hydrogen, fluorine, chlorine, bromine, straight-chain or branched alkyl having 1-4 carbon atoms, straight-chain or branched alkoxy or alkylthio each having 1-4 carbon atoms, or represent halogenoalkyl, halogenoalkoxy or halogenoalkylthio each having 1-4 carbon atoms in the straight-chain or branched alkyl moiety and 1-5 identical or different halogen atoms, and at least one of Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 represents fluorine, chlorine or bromine, and R.sup.1 represents C.sub.1 -C.sub.8 -alkyl, C.sub.2 -C.sub.8 -alkenyl, C.sub.1 -C.sub.8 -alkylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl or C.sub.2 -C.sub.8 -alkenylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl, each of which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to nonasubstituted by halogen, or represents C.sub.3 -C.sub.7 -cycloalkyl which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to pentasubstituted by identical or different substituents from the group consisting of halogen, C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl and C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 alkoxy, or represents phenyl which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to pentasubstituted by identical or different substituents from the group consisting of Y.sup.1 '-Y.sup.5 ', or represents phenyl-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to pentasubstituted in the phenyl moiety by identical or different substituents from the group consisting of Y.sup.1 '-Y.sup.5 ', where Y.sup.1 '-Y.sup.5 ' are identical or different and have the meaning of Y.sup.1 -Y.sup.3, NO.sub.2 and cyano. 3. 3. A compound according to claim 1, in which X represents cyclopropyl, cyclobutyl, cyclopentyl, cyclohexyl or cycloheptyl, each of which is monosubstituted or disubstituted by identical or different substituents from the group consisting of straight-chain or branched alkyl radicals having 1-4 carbon atoms, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 are identical or different and represent hydrogen, fluorine, chlorine, bromine, methyl or trifluoromethyl, and least one of Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 represents fluorine, chlorine or bromine, and Hal represents fluorine, chlorine or bromine, and R.sup.1 represents C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl, C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 -alkenyl, C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl or C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 -alkenylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl. 4. 4. A compound according to claim 1, in which X represents cyclopentyl, cyclohexyl or cycloheptyl, each of which is substituted in the 1- or 1,3-position by methyl or ethyl, and each of which is optionally additionally substituted by a further alkyl radical having 1-3 carbon atoms, Hal represents fluorine, chlorine, or bromine, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 are identical or different and represent hydrogen, fluorine, chlorine, bromine, methyl or trifluoromethyl, and least one of Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 represents fluorine, chlorine or bromine, and R.sup.1 represents C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl, C.sub.2 -C.sub.5 -alkenyl or C.sub.1 -C.sub.5 -alkyl-carbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.5 -alkyl. 5. 5. A compound according to claim 1, wherein such compound is 2,3-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohexyl-carbonylamino)-phenyl N-methyl-carbamate of the formula ##STR47## 6. 6. A compound according to claim 1, wherein such compound is 2,6-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohexyl-carbonylamino)-phenyl N-(2-acetoxy-propyl)-carbamate of the formula ##STR48## 7. 7. A compound according to claim 1, wherein such compound is 2,6-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohexyl-carbonylamino)-phenyl N-(2-t-butylcarbonyloxyethyl)-carbamate of the formula ##STR49## 8. 8. A compound according to claim 1, wherein such compound is 2,6-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohexyl-carbonylamino)-phenyl N-(2-acetoxyethyl)-carbamate of the formula ##STR50## 9. 9. A compound according to claim 1, wherein such compound is 2,3-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohexyl-carbonylamino)-phenyl N-(2-butylcarbonyloxyethyl)-carbamate of the formula ##STR51## 10. 10. A fungicidal composition comprising a fungicidally effective amount of a compound according to claim 1 and a diluent. 11. 11. A method of combating fungi which comprises applying to such fungi or to a fungus habitat a fungicidally effective amount of a compound according to claim 1. 12. 12. The method according to claim 11, wherein such compound is 2,3-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohexylcarbonylamino)-phenyl N-methyl-carbamate, 2,6-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohexyl-carbonylamino)-phenyl N-(2-acetoxy-propyl)-carbamate, 2,6-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohexyl-carbonylamino)-phenyl N-(2-t-butylcarbonyloxyethyl)-carbamate, 2,6-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohexyl-carbonylamino)-phenyl N-(2-acetoxyethyl)-carbamate or 2,3-dichloro-4-(1methyl-cyclohexyl-carbonylamino)-phenyl N-(2-butylcarbonyloxyethyl)-carbamate. 13. 13. A cycloalkenyl-carboxanilide carbamate of the formula ##STR52## in which X represents optionally alkyl-substituted cycloalkenyl, Hal represents halogen, and Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 independently of one another represent hydrogen, halogen, optionally halogen-substituted alkyl, optionally halogen-substituted alkoxy or optionally halogen-substituted alkylthio, and R.sup.1 represents optionally halogen-substituted alkyl, alkenyl, alkylcarbonyloxyalkyl, alkenylcarbonyloxyalkyl and optionally substituted cycloalkyl which can be interrupted by hetero atoms, or represents optionally substituted phenyl or optionally substituted phenylalkyl. 14. 14. A compound according to claim 1, in which X represents cycloalkenyl having 5-7 ring members where the cycloalkenyl radical can be monosubstituted to hexasubstituted by identical or different substituents from the group consisting of straight-chain and branched alkyl radicals having 1-4 carbon atoms, Hal represents fluorine, chlorine or bromine, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 are identical or different and represent hydrogen, fluorine, chlorine, bromine, straight-chain or branched alkyl having 1-4 carbon atoms, straight-chain or branched alkoxy or alkylthio each having 1-4 carbon atoms, or represent halogenoalkyl, halogenoalkoxy or halogenoalkylthio each having 1-4 carbon atoms in the straight-chain or branched alkyl moiety and 1-5 identical or different halogen atoms, and R.sup.1 represents C.sub.1 -C.sub.8 -alkyl, C.sub.2 -C.sub.8 -alkenyl, C.sub.1 -C.sub.8 -alkylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl or C.sub.2 -C.sub.8 -alkenylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl, each of which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to nanosubstituted by halogen, or represents C.sub.3 -C.sub.7 -cycloalkyl which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to pentasubstituted by identical or different substituents from the group consisting of halogen, C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl and C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkoxy, or represents phenyl which is substituted or monosubstituted to pentasubstituted by identical or different substituents from the group consisting of Y.sup.1' -Y.sup.3', or represents phenyl-C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl which is unsubstituted or monosubstituted to pentasubstituted in the phenyl moiety by identical or different substituents from the group consisting of Y.sup.1' -Y.sup.3', where Y.sup.1' -Y.sup.3' are identical or different and have the same meaning of Y.sup.1 -Y.sup.3, NO.sub.2 and cyano. 15. 15. A compound according to claim 1, in which X represents cyclopentenyl, cyclohexenyl or cycloheptenyl, each of which is optionally monosubstituted or disubstituted by identical or different substituents from the group consisting of straight-chain or branched alkyl radicals having 1-4 carbon atoms, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 are identical or different and represent hydrogen, fluorine, chlorine, bromine, methyl or trifluoromethyl, and Hal represents fluorine, chlorine, or bromine, and R.sup.1 represents C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl, C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 -alkenyl, C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl or C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 -alkenylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl. 16. 16. A compound according to claim 1, in which X represents cyclopentenyl, cyclohexenyl or cycloheptenyl, each of which is substituted in the 1- or 1,3-position by methyl or ethyl, and each of which is optionally additionally substituted by a further alkyl radical having 1-3 carbon atoms, Hal represents fluorine, chlorine, or bromine, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2 and Y.sup.3 are identical or different and represent hydrogen, fluorine, chlorine, bromine, methyl or trifluoromethyl, and R.sup.1 represents C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl, C.sub.2 -C.sub.6 -alkenyl, C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkylcarbonyloxy-C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 -alkyl. 17. 17. A compound according to claim 13, wherein such compound is 2,3-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohex-3-enyl carbonylamino)-phenyl N-methyl-carbamate of the formula ##STR53## 18. 18. A compound according to claim 13, wherein such compound is 2,3-dichloro-4-(1,3-dimethyl-cyclohex-3-enyl carbonylamino)-phenyl N-methyl-carbamate of the formula ##STR54## 19. 19. A compound according to claim 13, wherein such compound is 2,3-dichloro-4-(1,3,4-trimethyl-cyclohex-3-enyl carbonylamino)-phenyl N-methyl-carbamate of the formula ##STR55## 20. 20. A fungicidal composition comprising a fungicidally effective amount of a compound according to claim 1 and a diluent. 21. 21. A method of combating fungi which comprises applying to such fungi or to a fungus habitat a fungicidally effective amount of a compound according to claim 1. 22. 22. The method according to claim 21, wherein such compound is 2-dichloro-4-(1-methyl-cyclohex-3-enyl carbonylamino)-phenyl N-methyl-carbamate, 2,3-dichloro-4-(1,3-dimethyl-cyclohex-3-enyl carbonylamino)-phenyl N-methyl-carbamate or 2,3-dichloro-4-(1,3,4-trimethyl-cyclohex-3-enyl carbonylamino)-phenyl N-methyl-carbamate.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176915</DOCNO><APP-NO>721903</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910620</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176915</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61L 15/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424445</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>3908432	19890315	DE</PRIORITY><CITATION>3731683/19730500	4597961/19860700	4666441/19870500	4698062/19871000</CITATION><INVENTOR>Hoffmann; Annegrete</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>LTS Lohmann</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Plaster used as therapeutic system for the administration of active substances to the skin which exhibits a graduated active substance release, process for the production of the plaster and the use thereof</TITLE><ABST>The present invention relates to a plaster used as therapeutic system for the administration of active substances to the skin exhibiting an graduated active substance release, to the process for the production of such a plaster, and to the use for the local or systemic dermal adminstration of active substances in the human or veterinary medicine, or in cosmetics.</ABST><SPEC>FIG. 1a represents the schematic section through a plaster according to the prior art, in which an active substance deposit (13) is embedded in a pressure-sensitive adhesive matrix (12) which is covered by a backing layer (11). The space of the active substance deposit (13) from the edge of matrix (14) is so small that those regions of the matrix which are emptying during application can be refilled with active substance by diffusion. Thus active substance is released over the complete releasing surface during the whole period of application. FIG. 1b shows the in vivo-release profile corresponding to this plaster, whereby the flux is indicated versus time. It can be seen that after achieving the maximum the flux mainly remains at the same level without gradation, for the rest of the time. Thus, according to this prior art, a substantially constant flux is maintained during the desired period of time. The schematic section through an embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention with backing layer (21), pressure-sensitive adhesive matrix (22), embedded deposit (23), and edge of matrix (24) as shown in FIG. 2a shows a considerably extended space between deposit (23) and edge of matrix (24) compared to that of the plaster according to FIG. 1a. If the matrix (22) is correctly adapted to the individual active substance, the active substance, during the course of further application, is no longer able to afterdiffuse into those regions of matrix (22) which are more distant from the deposit (23), once the originally contained active substance in the matrix has been released, due to the geometric conditions. As is shown by the corresponding in vivo-release profile according to FIG. 2b, the flux decreases to a substantially constant, lower value, after exceeding a certain maximum. Thus, in general, lower maintenance dosages are adjustable after an increased initial dosage. FIG. 3a shows a schematic section through a further embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention with backing layer (31), pressure-sensitive adhesive matrix (32), embedded deposit (33), and edge of matrix (34). In this figure the distance between deposit (33) and edge of matrix (34) is further extended compared to that of embodiment according to FIG. 2a so that even larger regions of the matrix (32) cannot be provided with active substance during application. However, since the total releasing surface is clearly larger than that shown in FIG. 2a, a higher initial maximum is obtained according to FIG. 3b, in which the corresponding flux is indicated, said initial flux, in the course of application then decreases to approximately the same value as that of FIG. 2b. The deposit within the matrix may be positioned symmetrically or asymmetrically, whereby it must always be assured that the space between deposit and releasing surface can be bridged in the sense of an intended release by diffusion of the active substances. As a matter of fact, the desired release profile is of significant importance in this connection. The most favourable space can be calculated in some cases, or must experimentally be determined in many cases. FIG. 4 represents a schematic section through another embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention. Here, the remarkable feature is the position of deposit (43) which is only partially embedded into the pressure-sensitive adhesive matrix (42) and contacts backing layer (41) at one side. The distance of deposit (43) to edge of matrix (44) corresponds to that shown in FIG. 3a, however, the larger distance between deposit (43) and releasing surface influences the choice of suitable active substances for this embodiment. This embodiment may have advantages from the production standpoint. As can be seen from FIG. 5, which represents a section through yet another embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention, deposit (53) may also be mounted on pressure-sensitive adhesive matrix (52), whereby for the rest it is surrounded by backing layer (51). The statements made for FIG. 4 apply to the space between deposit (53) and edge of matrix (54) and that between deposit and releasing surface. Here, too, advantages with respect to production may be decisive for choosing this embodiment. FIG. 6 schematically represents a section through an embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention in which three deposits (64) which are separated from each other are embedded in a non-adhesive matrix (63). Matrix (63) is connected with backing layer (61) via a pressure-sensitive adhesive intermediate layer (62), whereby backing layer (61) as well covers the edge (65) of the matrix, and builds an edge extending parallely to the skin. Fixing the plaster to the skin is effected by a pressure-sensitive adhesive layer (62a) which in permeable to the active substance and extends over the whole free surface of matrix (63) as well as over extending edges of backing layer (61). The design of the plaster with several deposits points out another possibility to influence the release profile. The spacial isolation of deposit portions of the same total volume allows fresh delivery of active substances by diffusion into larger regions of the matrix, compared to a single deposit exhibiting the same volume. However, the condition according to the present invention with respect to the space of deposit to the plaster edge has to remain fulfilled. As a matter of fact, the space between at least two deposit members may be such large that it exceeds the possible diffusion path from the deposit part into the matrix during the application period of at least one active substance. FIG. 7 is an example with respect to the further division of the deposit. FIG. 7 represents a schematic section through a further embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention. The non-adhesive matrix (73) is interspersed with several small deposits (74) in its middle, whereby these deposits may be solid or flowable bodies or as well microcapsules. Matrix (73) is connected with backing layer (71), except for that surface facing the skin, via a pressure-sensitive adhesive layer (72); edge (75) of the matrix is covered, too. Pressure-sensitive adhesive layer (72) also spreads the extending edges of backing layer (71), thereby forming the fixing device to the skin, since that surface of matrix (73) which is in direct contact with the skin is non-adhesive. For the sake of clarity, the protective layers for those surfaces facing the skin have not been drawn in all figures showing sections through plaster embodiments. As a matter of fact, they constitute an important component of the plasters according to the present invention. The dimension of the plasters may widely be varied with respect to outlines and sizes; in this connection, the therapeutic requirements as well as those determined by the site of application have to be considered principally, aspects concerning handling have to be considered, too. It is understood that the specification and examples are illustrative but not limitative of the present invention and that other embodiments within the spirit and scope of the invention will suggest themselves to those skilled in the art. 71 492523 19900312 03 DESCRIPTION The present invention relates to a plaster used as therapeutic system for the administration of active substances to the skin, said plaster exhibiting graduated active substance release, to the process for the production of such a therapeutic system, and to its use for the local or systemic dermal administration of active substances in the human or veterinary medicine, or in cosmetics. Therapeutic devices for the controlled administration of drugs are called therapeutic systems (K. Heilmann, Therapeutische Systeme, page 26, publishers F. Enke, Stuttgart, 1984). According to this publication such a system is an active substance containing device or form of administration, respectively, which continuously releases one or more pharmaceuticals at a predetermined rate over a fixed period of time to a fixed place of application. Such systems may have topical as well as a systemic effects when applied to the skin, and the variety of active substances applicable by way of these systems and the different chemical, physical, and pharmacological properties of the drugs always demand for new requirements in the production of such systems. For example, in the case of dermal application, solutions for many active substances have been found in which a continuous, substantially constant release over the desired period of application has been achieved. However, there are also therapeutical requirements according to which the release profile of the drug has to exhibit a high initial dosage followed by a lower maintenance dosage. For example, in case of soporifics, high delivery of active substance for sleep induction, and a lower dosage to prevent awakening over a longer period of time after sleep induction is desired. In the case of appetite-suppressing agents, too, higher blood levels of active substance shall be adjustable during the day compared to those during the night. The same applies to the administration of nicotine in the curing of smokers. Not least the treatment of pain attacks is mentioned, where after a high initial dosage a lower maintenance dosage is desirable. A transdermal therapeutic system to solve this problem has been described in EP-A 0 227 252. In this case, the active substance in a reservoir is brought into contact with an amount of penetration accelerator merely sufficient to maintain the accelerated penetration only during a defined initial phase of application. It is of disadvantage in this case that each active substance has to assigned a suitable penetration accelerator, and that in the choice of the reservoir matrix in addition to considering the diffusivity of the active substance that of the penetration accelerator has to be taken into consideration, too. In the latter case, an expensive additional controlling membrane is frequently required. Another solution to this problem has been proposed in DE-OS 36 42 931. In this case, at least two plaster chambers being separate from each other are provided with different active substance concentrations so that in the first application phase the release of active substance from all chambers effects a high initial dosage, while after evacuation of the chambers with low active substance concentration only those chambers with higher active substance concentration contribute to the release, and thus effect a lowered maintenance dosage. This system is expensive merely because of this chamber construction, and requires special measures with respect to the different concentration adjustments in the chambers. It is accordingly the object of the present invention to provide a plaster as therapeutic system with graduated drug release for the administration of active substances to the skin, which avoids the compelling presence of a penetration accelerator and can be manufactured in a simple manner. According to the present invention, this object is surprisingly achieved by a plaster with a high initial dosage and a lower maintenance dosage, which is provided with a backing layer averted from the skin, at least one active substance deposit contacting a matrix, which controls the active substance release, and a pressure-sensitive adhesive fixing device for securing the plaster to the skin. In this connection, the whole matrix contains active substances at the time of application, and the dimension of the active substance containing deposit or deposits compared to that of the matrix, as well as the position of the active substance deposit or deposits in contact with the matrix are chosen is such a way that, at least in one direction, the space between deposit and edge of matrix, which contacts the releasing surface, is larger than the diffusion path of at least one active substance from the deposit into the matrix during the period of application. Thus the subject matter of the present invention is a plaster used as therapeutic system for the controlled and graduated administration of active substances to the skin, with a high initial dosage and lower maintenance dosage comprising a backing layer averted from the skin, at least one active substance deposit in contact with a matrix controlling the active substance release, and a pressure-sensitive adhesive fixing device to secure the plaster to the skin, whereby the complete matrix at the beginning of the application comprises active substances, wherein the dimension and position of the active substance deposit or deposits in contact with the matrix are chosen in such a way that, at least in one direction, the space between deposit and a matrix edge, which contacts the releasing surface, is larger than the diffusion path from the deposit into the matrix during the course of application of at least one active substance. The general design of the plaster according to the present invention is known from DE-OS 21 35 533, however, without having recognized the constructional features of the intended change in release profile according to the present invention. An important feature of the plaster according to the present invention is that the matrix comprises active substance at the time of application. This can be achieved by two methods. On the one hand, the matrix may be loaded with active substances already during the manufacture of the plaster, or, on the other hand, the matrix is loaded with active substance after production of the plaster by diffusion of active substance from the active substance deposit into the matrix which up to then had been empty. The last mentioned process can be accelerated by temperature increase, and may last for hours or days. Thus, during the initial phase of application, active substance may issue over the whole releasing surface of the matrix (corresponds to high initial dosage) which results in a depletion of active substance in the bordering layers. This depletion can only be compensated by additional delivery of active substances from the active substance deposit. If the space between deposit and emptying zones is so large that it cannot be overcome during application due to the diffusitivity of the active substance, the active substance release comes to a standstill in these regions. Only those portions of the releasing surface of the matrix are still releasing active substances, which can be delivered by subsequent diffusion from the deposit (corresponding to a lower maintenance dosage). Thus, the geometric relations within the plaster are mainly determined by the desired release profile, the active substance to be administered, the choice of matrix, as well as the dimension and position of the deposit. The active substance deposit containing one or more active substances may consist of pure active substance which may solid or flowable, however, said deposit may also contain inert auxiliaries. The term "inert" is to be understood in this connection in that the active substance and the auxiliary agent do not react with one another. Inert auxiliaries known to those skilled in the art, e.g., are solvents, fillers, stabilizers, supporting materials, carriers, and optionally as well additives regulating diffusion and penetration. All transdermally applicable active substances for the application of which high initial dosages are indicated can be used as active substances. Active substances selected from the group consisting of analgesics, antiemetics, antiadipogenics, antiphlogistics, antispasmolytics, and antiangina-agents, are mentioned as examples. Nicotine employed as active substance for curing smokers does also belong to this group. Advantageously the sum of active substances in the deposit and the matrix amounts to up to 20 times the therapeutically required amount. The matrix is preferably built up in layers and/or as a laminate, whereby the layers can be the same or different. The matrix may be pressure-sensitive adhesive, this can be achieved by the use of adequate polymeric materials, e.g., rubber, rubber-like synthetic homo-, co-, or blockpolymers, poly(meth)acrylates and their copolymers, polyurethanes, and silicones. In principle, all polymers are suitable which are employed in the manufacture of pressure-sensitive adhesives and are physiologically acceptable. It may be advantageous, if the matrix is pressure-sensitive adhesive, since the necessity for a separate pressure-sensitive adhesive fixing device can be omitted. In case of a matrix not being pressure-sensitive adhesive, suitable polymeric materials are used, e.g., those selected from the group consisting of poly(meth)acrylates, polyvinylpyrrolidones, ethylcellulose, hydroxypropylcelluloses, hydroxypropylmethylcellulosephthalates, polyvinyl alcohols or their copolymers with vinyl laurate or maleic acid, respectively, vinyl acetates or their copolymers with vinyl laurate or maleic acid, respectively, polyvinyl ether, butyl rubbers, and polycaprolactames. The active substance deposit may be composed of a single layer and/or of multiple layers in itself. The form of a layer of the active substance deposit is always preferred from the production standpoint, in cases where it can be achieved to adjust the active substance concentration in the layer in correspondence with the requirements and to maintain the necessary space to the matrix edge. The laminated construction of the substance deposit is preferred, if a direct mixture of drug-containing deposit portions with required or desired inert auxiliaries is impossible, or if advantages with respect to its production result; in this connection the deposit itself need not be in the form of a laminate. In the construction of the plaster, for example, at least one active substance deposit may be inserted between a back side matrix layer and a matrix layer on the skin side, whereby the thickness ratio of the matrix layers preferably is in the range of 1:1 to 1:20, particularly preferred in the range of 1:1 to 1:5. In another advantageous embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention, the active substance deposit may be located between matrix and backing layer, this is particularly suitable in case of solid active substance deposits which are applicable in the form of matter. If the matrix is not self-adhesive, a pressure-sensitive adhesive layer may be provided for on that surface of the device facing the skin. In this case, the inner coherence of the device can also be managed by additional pressure-sensitive adhesive intermediate layers. According to a preferred embodiment of the present invention the fixing device may be built by pressure-sensitive adhesive sections embedded in the matrix, or by pressure-sensitive adhesive edges surrounding the releasing surface. The pressure-sensitive adhesive layers may also contain active substances thus contributing to the increase of the initial dosage. The backing layer serves for the protection and/or mechanical stabilization of the device. It may consist of flexible or inflexible material and may be single or multi-layered. Substances suitable for its production are polymeric substances, such as, e.g., polyethylene, polypropylene, polyester, and polyamides. As further materials metal foils, e.g., an aluminum foil alone or coated with a polymeric substrate, may be used, too. Textile fabrics may also be used, if they are able to prevent the components of the device from escaping. Polymer foils vaporized with metal have proved particularly successful. It is possible in a usual manner to provide for a removable protective layer on those surfaces of the plaster facing the skin, this protective layer prevents an undesirable contamination and premature release of the plaster components. This layer is removed only immediately prior to application. In principle, the same materials as used for the backing layer may be used for the manufacture of the protective layer, provided that they are removable, e.g., by way of a silicone treatment. Other removable protective layers, for example, are polytetrafluoroethylene, treated paper, cellophane, and polyvinyl chloride. As a matter of fact, the protective layer may be provided with a touch aid in order to facilitate stripping it off the plaster. A preferred process for the production of the plaster according to the present invention is the in situ-production of the active substance deposit. In this connection, the deposit is built of the deposit components directly at the contact point to the matrix. As for the rest, the layers of the device are joined by applying pressure and/or heat. The deposit may also be integrated into the matrix by pressure, for example, by injection of a predetermined amount, or by pressing a deposit body into a soft matrix. According to a preferred process of the present invention, the active substance deposit is incorporated between two matrix layers which can be the same or different. Advantageously at least one part of the plaster is produced of a solution, a dispersion, a melt, or by sprinkling particles. The areal intermediate products thus obtained are distributed to smaller units, the dimension and shape of which are determined by the therapeutical requirements. The plaster according to the present invention is particularly suitable for the local and systemic dermal administration of active substances in the human or veterinary medicine, and can be used in cosmetics, too. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS In the following, the present invention shall be illustrated but not limited by the figures which, amongst others, show the schematic, not true to scale construction of the plasters according to the present invention: FIG. 1a shows a section through a plaster according to the prior art, FIG. 1b shows a diagram of the in vivo-release profile of the plaster according to FIG. 1a, FIG. 2a shows a section through an embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention, FIG. 2b shows a diagram of the in vivo-release profile of the plaster according to FIG. 2a, FIG. 3a shows a section through a further embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention, FIG. 3b shows a diagram of the in vivo-release profile of the plaster according to FIG. 3a, FIG. 4 shows a section through another preferred embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention, FIG. 5 shows a section through yet another preferred embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention, FIG. 6 shows a section through an embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention provided with several active substance deposits, and FIG. 7 shows a section through an embodiment of the plaster according to the present invention provided with a variety of active substance deposits .</SPEC><CLAIM>I claim: 1. 1. A plaster for the controlled release of active substance to the skin comprising a) a backing layer which is spaced from the skin, the backing layer comprising at least one material selected from the group consisting of polyethylene, polypropylene, polyester, polyamide, metal foil optionally coated with a polymeric substrate, textile fabric and polymer foil vapourized with metal, b) a matrix containing active substance in a first concentration, in use intended to contact the skin, the matrix comprising at least one polymeric material selected from the group consisting of rubber, a synthetic homo-, co- or block copolymer, a poly(meth)acrylate or copolymer thereof, a polyurethane, a silicone, polyvinylpyrrolidone, ethyl cellulose, hydroxypropylcellulose, hydroxypropylmethylcellulosephthalate, polyvinyl alcohol or a copolymer thereof with vinyl laurate or maleic acid, vinyl acetate or a copolymer thereof with vinyl laurate or maleic acid, a polyvinyl ether, butyl rubber and polycaprolactam, c) a deposit containing active substance in a higher concentration than said first concentration, in use intended to be spaced from the skin, said deposit contacting the matrix of lower concentration, the deposit comprising a single or multiple layer inserted between a back side matrix layer and a matrix layer on the skin side, when multiple layers are present their thickness ratio falling in the range of 1:1 to 1:20, d) and adhesive for adhering the lower concentration matrix to the skin, the dimension and position of the active substance deposit in contact with the matrix being chosen in such manner that, at least in one direction, the space between deposit and a matrix edge, which contacts the releasing surface, is larger than the diffusion path from the deposit into the matrix during the course of application of at least one active substance. 2. 2. The plaster according to claim 1, wherein at least one active substance deposit consists essentially of active substance or substances. 3. 3. The plaster according to claim 1, wherein at least one active substance deposit comprises at least one inert auxiliary agent. 4. 4. The plaster according to claim 1, wherein at least one active substance deposit is present in solid or flowable form. 5. 5. The plaster according to claim 1, wherein it is built up at least partially in layers, as a laminate or at least partially in layers and as a laminate. 6. 6. The plaster according to claim 5, wherein the matrix consists of at least two layers, whereby at least one active substance deposit is incorporated between a back-side matrix layer and a matrix layer facing the skin, and that the thickness ratio of the matrix layers is in the range of 1:1 to 1:20. 7. 7. The plaster according to claim 6, wherein the matrix consists of at least two layers, whereby at least one active substance deposit is incorporated between a back-side matrix layer and a matrix layer facing the skin, and that the thickness ratio of the matrix layers is in the range of 1:1 to 1:5. 8. 8. The plaster according to claim 5, wherein at least one active substance deposit is formed of at least one layer. 9. 9. The plaster according to claim 1, wherein the matrix is pressure-sensitive adhesive. 10. 10. The plaster according to claim 1, wherein the matrix or at least one matrix layer exhibits pressure-sensitive adhesive devices on at least one side. 11. 11. The plaster according to claim 1, wherein pressure-sensitive adhesive portions embedded in the matrix form the fixing device. 12. 12. The plaster according to claim 1, wherein at least one active substance deposit is positioned between matrix and backing layer. 13. 13. The plaster according to claim 1, wherein it exhibits a removable protective layer for those surfaces facing the skin. 14. 14. The plaster according to claim 1, wherein it comprises an amount of active substance amounting to up to 20 times the therapeutically required amount.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176916</DOCNO><APP-NO>686383</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910417</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176916</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61F 43/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424448</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>2-104294	19900418	JP</PRIORITY><CITATION>4455146/19840600	4732808/19880300	4855142/19890800	4913905/19900400	4946853/19900800	4983396/19910100</CITATION><INVENTOR>Yamanaka; Akihito<tab>Otsuka; Saburo<tab>Hosaka; Yoshifumi</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Nitto Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.<tab>Takeda Chemical Industries, Ltd.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Medical adhesives</TITLE><ABST>A medical adhesive comprising a plaster layer containing the following ingredients, characterized in that the ingredient 2 is incorporated in a larger amount than the ingredient 5 and in an amount not less than 25% by weight relative to the total amount of the ingredients 1.about.5, and the plaster layer is a W/O type: 1 a medicinal ingredient, 2 a hydrophobic polymer having a glass transition temperature (Tg) of -65.degree. C. to 35.degree. C. 3 a percutaneous absorption-promoting agent, 4 water, and 5 a hydrophilic polymer which is soluble or capable of swelling in water; and a medical adhesive which comprises a porous base layer in the plaster layer or in contact with the plaster layer, which enable stable release of the medicinal ingredient, the percutaneous absorption-promoting agents and so on and sustaining of the pharmacological effects over a long period.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION As percutaneously absorbable preparations containing water, for example, ointments, cream preparations, lotions, liquid preparations, suspensions, emulsions may be used, besides adhesives. These preparations can be classified into solution types, dispersion types such as W/O (water in oil) type or O/W (oil in water) type, and other types. To obtain an adhesive to satisfy the objects of the present invention in that the adhesive contains water, has high shape-retention property and excellent stability during the storage thereof and remains stable during the period from administration to removal thereof, it is required that a hydrophobic polymer, which is a continuous phase, namely a W/O type, is selected for the base. Hereinbelow, the invention is described in detail. There is no limitation on the medicinal ingredient (ingredient1) to be used for the present invention as long as it can display the expected actions through percutaneous administration. Especially desirable are the drugs 1 g of or 1 ml of which can be dissolved in an amount of less than 10,000 ml, particularly less than 1,000 ml (most preferably less than 100 ml) of water. Such drugs which come to have the above-mentioned solubility in water as a result of concomitance with an acid or a base are also useful in the present invention. The medicinal ingredients preferably have a molecular weight of 50-1,000, more preferably 100-500. More specific examples of such drugs are as follows: [1] general anesthetics barbiturate: thiamylal sodium, thiopental sodium, pentobarbital sodium, etc.; other miscellanea: ketamine hydrochloride, etc. [2] hypnotics and sedatives benzodiazepine drugs: flurazepam hydrochloride, etc.; barbiturate drugs: amobarbital sodium, phenobarbital, pentobarbital calcium, etc.; other miscellanea: bromovalerylurea, chloral hydrate, etc.; [3] antiepileptics hydantoin drugs: phenytoin sodium, ethotoin, etc.; barbiturate drugs: phenobarbital sodium, etc.; other miscellanea: trimethadione, primidone, ethosuximide, carbamazepine, sodium valproate, etc.; [4] antipyretics, analgesics and antiinflammatory agents aniline derivative drugs: acetaminophen, phenacetin, etc.; salicylic acid drugs: aspirin, sodium salicylate, etc.; pyrazolone drugs: aminopyrine, antipyrine, sulpyrine, etc.; basic inflammatory drugs: mepirizole, tiaramide hydrochloride, perixazole citrate, etc.; other miscellanea: diclofenac sodium, anfenac sodium, buprenorphine hydrochloride, butorphanol tartrate, eptazocine hydrobromide, etc.; [5] agents for dizziness dimenhydrinate, difenidol hydrochloride, dl-isoprenaline hydrochloride, etc.; [6] psychotropic drugs phenothiazine drugs: chlorpromazine hydrochloride, levomepromazine maleate, thioridazine hydrochloride, fluphenazine hydrochloride, etc.; drugs of phenothiazine-like structures: thiothixene, flupenthixol hydrochloride, etc.; butyrophenone drugs: floropipamide hydrochloride, moperone hydrochloride, etc.; carpipramine drugs: carpipramine hydrochloride, clocapramine hydrochloride, etc.; tricyclic antidepressants: imipramine hydrochloride, desipramine hydrochloride, etc.; tetracyclic antidepressants: mianserin hydrochloride, maprotiline hydrochloride, etc.; benzodiazepine drugs: chlordiazepoxide hydrochloride, dipotassium clorazepate, etc.; other miscellanea: meprobamate, hydroxyzine hydrochloride, saflazine hydrochloride, etc.; [7] local anesthetics aminobenzoic acid alkamine ester drugs: tetracaine hydrochloride, procaine hydrochloride, etc.; other miscellanea: ethyl aminobenzoate, dibucaine hydrochloride, lidocaine hydrochloride, etc.; [8] skeletal muscle relaxants carbamate drugs: chlorphenesin carbamate, methocarbamol, etc.; alkaloid drugs: alcuronium chloride, tubocurarine chloride, etc.; other miscellanea: suxamethonium chloride, eperisone hydrochloride, etc.; [9] autonomic nerve drugs cholinergic drugs: acetylcholine chloride, etc.; cholinesterase inhibitor: neostigmine bromide, etc.; [10] antispasmodics choline blocker: atropine sulfate, scopolamine hydrobromide, etc.; other miscellanea: papaverine hydrochloride, etc.; [11] drugs for Parkinson's desease biperiden hydrochloride, trihexyphenidyl hydrochloride, amantadine hydrochloride, piroheptine hydrochloride, profenamine hydrochloride, levodopa, mazaticol hydrochloride, etc.; [12] antihistaminics ethanolamine compounds: diphenhydramine hydrochloride, carbinoxamine maleate, etc.; monoamine compounds: dl-chlorpheniramine maleate, etc.; phenothiazine compounds: promethazine, alimemazine tartrate, etc.; other miscellanea: isothipendyl hydrochloride, clemizole hydrochloride, cyproheptadine hydrochloride, clemastine fumarate, etc.; [13] cardiacs xanthine derivatives: aminophylline, choline theophylline, caffeine and sodium benzoate, etc.; sympathomimetic agents: dl-isoproterenol hydrochloride, dopamine hydrochloride, dobutamine hydrochloride, etc.; other miscellanea: methyldigoxin, etc.; [14] antiarrhythmics .beta.-blockers: propranolol hydrochloride, alprenolol hydrochloride, bupranolol hydrochloride, timolol maleate, metoprolol tartrate, etc.; other miscellanea: procainamide hydrochloride, lidocaine hydrochloride, quinidine sulfate, ajmaline, verapamil hydrochloride, aprindine hydrochloride, etc.; [15] diuretics thiazide drugs: ethiazide, hydrochlorothiazide, etc.; other miscellanea: acetazolamide, isosorbide, ethacrynic acid, etc.; [16] antihypertensives ACE inhibitor drugs: captopril, enalapril maleate, delapril hydrochloride, alacepril, (R)-3-[(S)-1-carboxy-5-(4-piperidyl) pentyl]amino-4-oxo-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1,5-benzothiazepine-5-acetic acid, etc.; hydralazine drugs: ecarazine hydrochloride, hydralazine hydrochloride, etc.; other miscellanea: hexamethonium bromide, clonidine hydrochloride, bunitrolol hydrochloride, propranolol hydrochloride, methyldopa, guanethidine sulfate, bethanidine sulfate, etc.; [17] vasoconstrictors phenylephrine hydrochloride, methoxamine hydrochloride, etc.; [18] coronary vasodilators diltiazem hydrochloride, varapamil hydrochloride, isosorbide dinitrate, nicorandil, etc.; [19] peripheral vasodilators nicametate citrate, nicotinic-alcohol tartrate, tolazoline hydrochloride, etc.; [20] drugs for arteriosderosis simfibrate, etc.; [21] other drugs for circulatory organs nicardipine hydrochloride, ifenprodil tartrate, piperidinocarbamate, cinepazide maleate, thiapride hydrochloride, etc.; [22] respiratory agents dimorpholamine drugs: dimorpholamine, levallorphan tartrate, etc.; other miscellanea: lobeline hydrochloride, naloxone hydrochloride, etc.; [23] antitussives, expectorants central antitussives: codeine phosphate, dextromethorphan hydrobromide, etc.; other antitussives: noscapine hydrochloride, etc.; expectorants: bromhexine hydrochloride, ambroxol hydrochloride, etc.; xanthine derivatives: theophylline, diprophylline, etc.; sympathetic nerve-stimulants: dl-epinephrine hydrochloride ephedrine hydrochloride, isoproterenol sulfate, salbutamol tulobuterol hydrochloride, etc.; anti-allergic drugs: ketotifen fumarate, azelastine hydrochloride, etc.; other miscellanea: ipratropium bromide, etc.; [24] hormone drugs hydrocortisone, dexamethasone sodium phosphate, prednisolone, norethisterone, clomiphene citrate, etc.; [25] external drugs for suppurative diseases sulfa drugs: mafenide acetate, sulfamethoxazole sodium, etc.; antibiotics: tetracycline hydrochloride, etc.; [26] analagenic, antipruritic, astringent antiinflammatory drugs methyl salicylate, isothipendyl hydrochloride, diphenhydramine, prednisolone, ethyl aminobenzoate, crotamiton, etc.; [27] drugs for parasitic dermal diseases salicylic acid, nystatin, econazole nitrate, cloconazole hydrochloride, etc.; [28] vitamins vitamin B.sub.1 : thiamine hydrochloride, cycothiamine hydrochloride, etc.; vitamin B.sub.2 : riboflavin, riboflavin sodium phosphate, etc.; vitamin B.sub.6 : pyridoxine hydrochloride, pyridoxal phosphate, pyridoxamine phosphate, etc.; other miscellanea: nicotinic acid, nicotinamide, calcium pantothenate, pantothenol, panthetin, biotin, ascorbic acid, etc.; [29] hemostatic drugs tranexamic acid, ethamsylate, protamine sulfate, etc.; [30] drugs for treatment of gout colchicine, allopurinol [31] antidiabetics tolazamide, glymidine sodium, glybuzole, metoformin hydrochloride, buformin hydrochloride, etc.; [32] miscellaneous metabolic drugs orotic acid, azathioprine, lactulose, etc.; [33] antineoplastic agents alkylating drugs: nitrogen mustard N-oxide hydrochloride, cyclophophamide, thio-TEPA, nimustine hydrochloride, etc.; antimetabolite drugs: thioinosine, fluorouracil, tegafur, etc.; plant alkaloids: vinblastine sulfate, vincristine sulfate, vindesine sulfate, etc.; carcinostatic antibiatics: mitomycin C, daunorubicin hydrochloride, aclarubicin hydrochloride, etc.; other miscellanea: procarbazine hydrochloride, cisplatin, etc.; [34] antibiotics natural penicillins: benzylpenicillin potassium, etc.; semisynthetic penicillins: amoxicillin, amplicillin, etc.; caphems: cefalexin, cefazolin sodium, etc.; macrolides: erythromycin, kitasamycin tartrate, etc.; chloramphenicols: chloramphenicol, thiamphenicol, etc.; tetracycline types: tetracycline hydrochloride, minocycline hydrochloride, etc.; lincomycins: lincomycin hydrochloride, clindamycin hydrochloride, etc.; aminoglycosides: streptomycin sulfate, kanamycin sulfate, fradiomycin sulfate, gentamycin sulfate, etc.; other miscellanea: spectinomycin hydrochloride, cycloserine, etc.; [35] chemotherapeutic drugs sulfisomidine, isoniazid, ethambutol, acyclovin, etc.; [36] narcotics analkaloid drugs: morphine hydrochloride, codeine phosphate, etc.; cocaalkaloid drugs: cocaine hydrochloride, etc.; synthetic narcotics: pethidine, fentanyl citrate, etc.; While the amount of the medicinal ingredient to be incorporated in the present invention is not particularly limited provided that the medicinal ingredient displays the desired pharmacological effects, the preferred amount is in the range from 0.1 to 50% by weight relative to the weight of the plaster in which the medicinal ingredient is contained, more preferably from 1 to 30% by weight, and is in the range from 20 to 5,000 .mu.g/cm.sup.2 per unit area, preferably from 100 to 3,000 .mu.g/cm.sup.2. The hydrophobic polymer (ingredient 2) to be used in the present invention is the main ingredient constituting the continuous phase of the W/O type plaster, which contains a medicinal ingredient, percutaneous absorption-promoting agents, water and a hydrophilic polymer. The hydrophobic polymer is not limited provided that it is capable of imparting the objective adhesives with adhesion to the skin and acting for shape-retention of the adhesives. It is extremely important not to lose shape-retention in view of the fact that it is difficult for the adhesives of the present invention containing water to retain shape. It is necessary that the hydrophobic polymer is incorporated in an amount of not less than 25% by weight relative to the total amount of the ingredients 1.about.5, preferably 25-80% by weight. Where the hydrophobic polymer is incorporated in an amount of less than 25% by weight, it fails to contain and to retain the other ingredients, especially percutaneous absorption-promoting agents which are in a liquid form at room temperature, and water stably, resulting in failure to maintain its shape-retention. As the hydrophobic polymers, pressure-sensitive adhesive polymers exemplified by acrylic-type polymers; gum-type polymers such as silicone gums, polyisobutylene gums, polyisoprene gums and styrene-butadiene (or-isoprene)-styrene block copolymer gums; poly vinylalkyl ether-type polymers; vinyl-type polymers such as poly vinyl-acetate and poly vinyl-propionate; and polyurethane elastic bodies may be used in the present invention. Among those, particularly preferred are pressure-sensitive adhesive acryl-type copolymers for adhesivity to the skin. Examples of preferred polymers include one polymer or two or more polymers of alkyl esters of (meth)acrylic acid such as butyl (meth)acrylate, pentyl (meth)acrylate, hexyl (meth)acrylate, heptyl (meth)acrylate, octyl (meth)acrylate, nonyl (meth)acrylate, decyl (meth)acrylate, undecyl (meth)acrylate, dodecyl (meth)acrylate and tridecyl (meth)acrylate, or copolymers of one or more species of said esters with a monomer copolymerizable therewith. Examples of the copolymerizable monomers include functional monomers exemplified by carboxyl group-containing monomers such as (meth)acrylic acid, itaconic acid, crotonic acid, maleic acid, maleic anhydride and fumaric acid; sulfoxyl group-containing monomers such as styrenesulfonic acid, allylsulfonic acid, sulfopropylacrylate, (meth)acryloyloxynaphthalenesulfonic acid, acrylamidemethylpropanesulfonic acid and acryloxyloxybenzenesulfonic acid; hydroxyl group-containing monomers such as hydroxyethyl (meth)acrylate and hydroxypropyl (meth)acrylate; amido group-containing acrylic-type monomers such as (meth)acrylamide, dimethyl(meth)acrylamide, N-butylacrylamide, tetramethylbutylacrylate and N-methylol(meth)acrylamide; alkylaminoalkyl group-containing acrylic-type monomers such as aminoethyl (meth)acrylate, dimethylaminoethyl (meth)acrylate, diethylaminoethyl (meth)acrylate and tert-butyl (meth)acrylate,; ether linkage-containing alkyl ester of acrylic acid such as methoxyethyl (meth)acrylate, ethoxyethyl (meth)acrylate, butoxyethyl (meth)acrylate, tetrahydrofurfuryl (meth)acrylate, methoxydiethylene glycol (meth)acrylate, methoxydiethylene glycol (meth)acrylate and methoxypolypropylene glycol (meth)acrylate; vinyl-type monomers such as N-(meth)acryloylamino acid and acrylic-type monomers such as urethane, urea and isocyanate esters of acrylic acid, and vinyl-type monomers exemplified by (meth)acrylonitrile, vinyl acetate, vinyl propionate, vinyl pyrrolidone, vinyl pyridine, vinyl pyrazine, vinyl piperazine, vinyl piperadone, vinyl pyrimidine, vinyl pyrrole, vinyl imidazole, vinyl caprolactam, vinyl oxazole, vinyl thiazole, vinyl morpholine, styrene, .alpha.-methylstyrene and bis[N,N'-dimethylaminoethyl]maleate. The afore-mentioned alkyl esters of (meth)acrylic acid and copolymerizable monomers in the present invention include a variety of isomers in which the alkyl moiety is straight chain or branched chain, and various isomers which have substituents at different positions, and their derivatives. The proportion of the above alkyl ester of (meth)acrylic acid to the copolymerizable monomer in the pressure-sensitive adhesive acryl-type copolymers is preferably in the range of 50-99/1-50 by weight, which results in a balance of aggregation properties and adhesivity to the skin. Among the above hydrophobic polymers, preferred are polymers having a lower skin-stimulus and excellent solubility for the drugs, especially copolymers of (meth)acrylic acid alkyl esters, (meth)acrylic acid alkyl esters containing ether linkage in the molecule and the other copolymerizable monomers other set forth above. In this case, the proportion of the (meth)acrylic acid alkyl esters, the (meth)acrylic acid alkyl esters containing ether linkage in the molecule and the copolymerizable monomers other than these is in the range of 40-80/59-10/1-40. In cases where the above hydrophobic polymers are likely to leave a paste on the applied site of the skin upon removal due to the shortage of aggregation strength, and cause soiling on the skin, it is preferable to subject the composition to an appropriate chemical crosslinking treatment (copolymerization of the monomers having crosslinking properties, further addition of a crosslinking agent, etc.) or physical crosslinking treatment (radiation of radioactive rays such as electronic rays causing electrolytic dissociation, crosslinking by ultraviolet rays, etc.) to a degree not impairing the adhesive properties. In the present invention, the above-mentioned hydrophobic polymers have a glass transition temperature (Tg) ranging from -65.degree. C. to 35.degree. C., preferably -50.degree. C. to 0.degree. C. The percutaneous absorption-promoting agents (ingredient 3) to be used in the present invention can be defined, in brief, as materials which promote release of the medicinal ingredients from the composition and/or migration of the medicinal ingredients into the body. Examples of these agents include a wide variety of substances improving solubility or dispersibility of the medicinal ingredients in the plaster layer, skin keratin emollient properties and permeation of drugs into skin keratin, auxiliaries for permeation of drugs into skin keratin, agents for dilation of pores of the skin, substances for changing the surface conditions and the like. These percutaneous absorption-promoting agents are generally classified into hydrophobic absorption-promoting agents and hydrophilic absorption-promoting agents. Examples of the hydrophobic absorption-promoting agents include aliphatic carboxylic acids having 6-20 carbon atoms, preferably 10-20 carbon atoms, their lower alcohol esters, and aliphatic alcohols having 6-20 carbon atoms, preferably 10-20 carbon atoms. As the aliphatic carboxylic acids having 6-20 carbon atoms, for example, saturated or unsaturated aliphatic monocarboxylic or dicarboxylic acids such as caproic acid, caprylic acid, lauric acid, myristic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid, arachic acid, obtusilic acid, linderic acid, oleic acid, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, arachidonic acid may be used in the present invention and sebacic acid. As the lower alcohol esters of the aliphatic carboxylic acids having 6-20 carbon atoms, mention can be made of, for example, esters of lower alcohol having about 1-5 carbon atoms (e.g. methanol, ethanol, propanol, 2-propanol, butanol, pentanol) and the afore-mentioned aliphatic acids having 6-20 carbon atoms. As the lower alcohol esters of the aliphatic dicarboxylic acids, for example, mono- or diester in which one of the carboxyl groups or two of the carboxyl groups thereof is(are) esterified may be used. Specific examples of the lower alcohol esters of the aliphatic carboxylic acids having 6-20 carbon atoms include diesters of sebacinic acid, isopropyl esters of myristic acid, etc. As the before-mentioned aliphatic alcohols having 6-20 carbon atoms, for example, saturated or unsaturated aliphatic alcohols such as caproyl alcohols, caprylyl alcohols, capryl alcohols, lauryl alcohols, myristyl alcohols, cetyl alcohols, stearyl alcohols, oleyl alcohols, linoleyl alcohols may be used and linolenyl alcohols. Among the aliphatic carboxylic acids, lower alcohol esters of the aliphatic carboxylic acids and the aliphatic alcohols, preferred are lower (C.sub.1-5) alcohol esters of the aliphatic monocarboxylic acids, most preferably isopropyl myristate. As the hydrophilic absorption-promoting agents, mention can be made of, for example, alkanepolyols. As the alkanepolyols, for example, lower alkanediols having 2-5 carbon atoms such as ethylene glycol (1,2-ethanol), propylene glycol (1,2-propanediol), 1,3-propanediol, 1,2-butanediol, 1,3-butanediol, 1,4-butanediol, 2,3-butanediol and 1,5-pentanediol, and lower alkanetriols having 2-5 carbon atoms of glycerine may be utilized. Among others, particularly preferred are propylene glycol and 1,3-butanediol. Two or more species of the above-mentioned percutaneous absorption-promoting agents can be used in combination, and hydrophobic absorption-promoting agents and hydrophilic absorption-promoting agents may be used in combination. While the amount of the absorption-promoting agents is optional, the preferred total amount is in the range from 0.1 to 80% by weight, more preferably from 1 to 50% by weight. In the present invention, water (ingredient 4) is essentially incorporated as a solubilizer for the medicinal ingredients. Water is especially selected as an ingredient for the adhesive compositions of the present invention owing to the following advantageous properties set forth below. 1) It is a bio-component. 2) It, as a solubilizer, gives a lower stimulus to the skin. 3) It is easy to adjust the pH of the plaster layer to be brought into contact with the skin to nearly neutral by addition of a small amount of inorganic substances. 4) It is less reactive to medicinal ingredients and thus able to retain medicinal ingredients stably in the preparation. 5) It eliminates individual differences in the water content of the skin, to enable the adhesives to exhibit pharmacological effects with little variation resulting from individual skin differences. Examples of water-containing percutaneously absorbable preparations include ointments, creams, lotions, liquid preparations, suspensions and emulsions besides adhesives, which are classified into solution types and dispersion types exemplified by W/O types (water in oil) and O/W types (oil in water). In order to obtain an adhesive containing water, having a high shape-retention, and excellent in stability not only during storage but also during the period from administration to removal, which meets the objects of the invention, a hydrophobic polymer which is a continuous phase, namely, a W/O type, should be selected as a base. The amount of water to be incorporated is not limited as long as it enables the plaster layer to be a W/O type. Not all the medicinal ingredients to be incorporated need be dissolved in water. That is, a part of the medicinal ingredients may remain solid in the plaster layer. The particularly preferred amount of water is in the range of from 1 to 20% by weight by water content of the plaster layer. If the water content of the plaster layer is less than 1% by weight, release of the medicinal ingredients from the preparation tends to be poor, leading to failure to exhibit expected medicinal effects. On the other hand, if the water content is over 20% by weight, containing and retaining the medicinal ingredients and percutaneous absorption-promoting agents as well as water stably in the plaster layer for long periods tends to be difficult. In the present invention, a solubilizer may be incorporated as an ingredient of the plaster layer, so the medicinal ingredient is dissolved more completely in water. As the solubilizers, acidic or basic, inorganic or organic substances may be used. Examples of the inorganic acidic substances include hydrochloric acid, sulfuric acid, nitric acid and phosphoric acid. Examples of the organic acidic substances include acetic acid, lactic acid, maleic acid, citric acid, succinic acid and tartaric acid. Examples of the inorganic basic substances include sodium hydroxide, potassium hydroxide, sodium carbonate, potassium carbonate, sodium hydrogencarbonate and potassium hydrogencarbonate. Examples of the organic basic substances include amines such as triethanolamine, diethanolamine, triisopropanolamine, diisopropanolamine, etc., and amino acids such as L-arginine. The solubilizers are added to dissolve the medicinal ingredients in an optional proportion in the plaster layer, and while the amount of the solubilizers to be added is dependent upon the amount of a drug to be incorporated, it is preferably in the range of 0.01 to 30% by weight, more preferably in the range of 0.1 to 20% by weight. The hydrophilic polymer (ingredient5) is a polymer which is soluble or capable of swelling in water, and it is incorporated to increase the viscosity of water and, in some cases, that of the hydrophilic percutaneous absorption-promoting agents, thereby retaining these ingredients stably in the plaster layer. Such hydrophilic polymers include, for example, water-soluble polymers and water-aborbing polymers. As the water-soluble polymers, natural water-soluble polymers such as starch types, pullulan types, cellulose types, tannin types, lignin types, alginic acid, gum arabic, gum guar, gum tragacanth and gelatin, and synthetic polymers such as polyvinyl alcohol types, polyvinyl ethyleneoxide types, acrylic acid types, maleic anhydride types, phthalic acid types, acrylamide types, polyvinyl pyrrolidones, polyamines, polyelectrolytes, urea types and melamine types may be used in the present invention. As the water-absorbing polymers, preferred are polymers capable of absorbing water in at least, preferably about 50-2,000 times amount their own weight. These compounds include, for example, vinyl acetate-acrylic acid ester copolymer suspensions, polyacrylic acid salt types, polyvinyl alcohol-maleic anhydride crosslinked copolymers, isobutylene-maleic acid crosslinked copolymers, polyacrylonitrile graft polymer suspensions and starch-acrylic acid graft polymers. The amount of these hydrophilic polymers to be used in the present invention is not particularly limited as long as it does not surpass the amount of the hydrophobic polymer (ingredient 2), and is preferably in the range of about 0.1 to 15% by weight, more preferably about 0.2 to 5% by weight. The percutaneous preparations of the present invention may incorporate nonionic surfactants to enable uniform mixing of the respective ingredients. As the nonionic surfactants, esters of polyoxyethylene sorbitan fatty acid (e.g. polyoxyethylene sorbitan monooleate, polyoxyethylene sorbitan monostearate, polyoxyethylene sorbitan monopalmitate, polyoxyethylene sorbitan monolaurate, etc.), esters of polyoxyethylene sorbitol fatty acid (e.g. polyoxyethylene sorbitol monolaurate, etc.), esters of polyoxyethylene fatty acid (e.g. polyoxyethylene stearate, etc.), polyoxyethylene higher alcohol ethers (e.g. polyoxyethylene lauryl alcohol, polyoxyethylene oleyl alcohol, etc.), polyoxyethylene alkylaryl ethers (e.g. polyoxyethylene nonyl phenol, etc.), polyoxyethylene castor oil derivatives (e.g. polyoxyethylene hydrogenated castor oil derivatives such as HCO-50, HCO-60, etc.), polyoxyethylene lanolin alcohol derivatives and block polymer type nonionic surfactants (e.g. pluronic, L-62, L-64, F-68, etc.) may be used. While the amount of the nonionic surfactant to be incorporated can be optionally selected as a whole provided that HLB is maintained in the range of 5 to 20, it is preferably about 0.5-20% by weight, more preferably about 0.5-10% by weight, most preferably about 1-8% by weight. The adhesives of the present inventin can be produced by known means except the process for drying the plaster layer. Drying of the plaster layer is preferably conducted so the water content of the plaster layer after drying amounts to 1-20% by weight, and therefore, the drying is conducted at a temperature lower than that in the conventional drying of the plaster layers, for a shorter time, for example, at 65.degree.-75.degree. C. for about 1-5 minutes. The plaster layer may contain a trace amount of solvent from the solution of the adherent compositions. In case where the plaster layer is likely to leave a paste on the applied site of the skin upon removal due to the shortage of aggregation strength caused by water, percutaneous absorption-promoting agents and a large amount of the other liquid components contained in the plaster layer induces plasticization of the hydrophobic polymers, and deposit soil on the skin, it is preferable to place a porous base layer in the plaster layer or in contact with the plaster layer. While there is no particular limitation on the porous base layer as long as it does not interfere with free diffusion and migration throughout the plaster layer and release toward the surface of the skin of the medicinal ingredients, percutaneous absorption-promoting agents, water and the other ingredients, it is also possible to permit the porous base layer to control the above-mentioned phenomena. Examples of the porous base layers include sheet bases such as non-woven fabrics, woven fabrics, Japanese paper, porous films, pierced films, or the like. The thickness of the porous base layer is preferably less than that of the plaster layer when the porous base layer is placed in the plaster layer. A thick porous base layer may be used as long as release of the medicinal ingredients is not adversely affected. When a porous base layer placed in the plaster layer is thinner than the plaster layer, three different embodiments of preparation constitutions are generally contemplated depending on the positions of the porous base layer. That is, (I) an embodiment in which a porous base layer 3 is placed in contact with a backing layer 2 on the side toward the backing layer 2 of a plaster layer 1 (FIG. 2), (II) an embodiment in which the porous base layer 3 is placed in contact with the separate-type liner 4 on the side toward a separate-type liner 4 of the plaster layer 1 (FIG. 3) and (III) an embodiment in which the porous base layer 3 is placed out of contact with the backing layer 2 and the separate-type liner 4 in the plaster layer 1 (FIG. 4). In all of the above-mentioned embodiments, the plaster may be embedded in the porous base layer, whereby aggregation strength is enhanced with that of the plaster per se unchanged. In the above embodiments (II) and (III), the plasters are not necessarily required to be embedded in the porous base layers, and the ingredients of the plaster migrate through the porous base layer due to capillarity. Among the embodiments (I), (II) and (III), the embodiment (I) is desirable in view of efficiency of production. The embodiment (1) offers an advantage in that the porous base layer can be laminated on the backing layer with a binder or the like. The medical adhesives of the present invention solely can be applied to the skin alone or may be covered with other adhesives having a skin-adhering property, for example, surgical tapes, or with bandages after application of the adhesives for prevention of loosening. Since the medical adhesive of the present invention comprises the plaster layer of the W/O type wherein the hydrophobic polymer which is the main constituent component of the continuous phase of the plaster and the hydrophilic polymer are incorporated in appropriate amounts, and the components have poor compatibility with the medicinal ingredients, percutaneous absorption-promoting agents, water and the other additives can be easily dissolved or dispersed homogeneously. Accordingly, the medical adhesive has the effect that the medicinal ingredients and percutaneous absorption-promoting agents can be released stably, and thus, pharmacological effects can be sustained sufficiently over a long period. Especially, a medical adhesive in which the water content of the plaster after formation is 1-20% by weight has the effect that the ingredients can be contained and retained in the formed preparations for a long period. Below, the present invention is described in further detail by working examples, which are not limiting and can be modified in various ways. Hereinafter, "part" means "part by weight". EXAMPLE 1 Fifteen parts of (R)-3-[(S)-1-carboxy-5-(4-piperidyl)pentyl]amino-4-oxo-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro- 1,5-benzothiazepine-5-acetic acid [hereinafter referred to as compound (I)], an angiotensin I transferase inhibitor, 20 parts of propylene glycol, 1.3 parts of sodium hydroxide, 30 parts of purified water and 1 part of crosslinked acrylic acid.vinyl alcohol copolymer were mixed for dissolution, to obtain a hydrophilic phase. With twenty parts of isopropyl myristate and 5 parts of polyoxyethylen sorbitan monooleate was mixed for dissolution 38 parts (as the solid portion) of the copolymer solution (A) obtained by polymerizing a mixture of 55 parts of acrylic acid 2-ethylhexyl ester, 30 parts of acrylic acid methoxyethyl ester and 15 parts of vinyl acetate in ethyl acetate as the solvent by a conventional method to give a lipophilic phase. The thus-obtained hydrophilic phase and lipophilic phase were uniformly mixed, applied onto a separate-type liner made of polyester of 75 .mu.m in thickness so that the thickness of the plaster after drying became 100 .mu.m, and dried at 70.degree. C. for 4 minutes to form a plaster layer of a W/O type. The plaster layer was adhered by rolling on the side of the polyethylene of a polyester film of 25 .mu.m in thickness with the polyethylene of 30 .mu.m in thickness laminated thereon and on the non-woven fabric side of a backing layer with the non-woven fabric sheet made of polyester laminated thereon at the basis weight of 40 g/m.sup.2 to obtain a medical adhesive of the present invention. EXAMPLE 2 In the same manner as in Example I except that 2 parts of the purified water was used in place of 30 parts thereof, an adhesive was obtained. EXAMPLE 3 Fifteen parts of compound (I), 20 parts of lactic acid, 10 parts of purified water and 1 part of polyacrylic acid were mixed for dissolution to give a hydrophilic phase. With a mixture of 20 parts of oleic acid and 50 parts of ethyl acetate was mixed for dissolution 34 parts (as the solid portion) of a methyl acrylate-2-ethylhexyl acrylate copolymer resin emulsion to give a lipophilic phase. The thus-obtained hydrophilic phase and lipophilic phase were uniformly mixed, applied onto a polyester separate-type liner of 75 .mu.m in thickness so that the thickness of the plaster after drying became 100 .mu.m, and dried at 75.degree. C. for 5 minutes to form a plaster layer of a W/O type. After the plaster layer was adhered by rolling onto a backing layer made of a polyester film of 9 .mu.m in thickness, the separate-type liner was stripped off and a nylon woven fabric was adhered by pressing onto the exposed plaster layer at the basis weight of 25 g/m.sup.2, followed by adhesion of the separate-type liner to give a medical adhesive of the present invention. EXAMPLE 4 Twelve parts of timolol maleate, 20 parts of propylene glycol, 1.5 parts of sodium carbonate, 30 parts of purified water, 2 parts of hydroxypropylcellulose and 5 parts of polyoxyethylene (15) oleyl ether were mixed for dissolution to give a hydrophilic phase. With 25 parts of isopropyl myristate was mixed for dissolution 53 parts (as the solid portion) of a copolymer solution (B) obtained by conventional polymerization of 70 parts of acrylic acid 2-ethylhexyl ester and 30 parts of vinylpyrrolidone in ethyl acetate as the solvent to give a lipophilic phase. The thus-obtained hydrophilic phase and lipophilic phase were uniformly mixed, applied onto a polyester separate-type liner of 75 .mu.m in thickness so that the thickness of the plaster after drying became 50 .mu.m, and dried at 68.degree. C. for 4 minutes to form a plaster layer of a W/O type. Two sheets of the plaster layer formed on the separate-type liner were prepared. After one of the plaster layers was adhered by rolling onto a backing layer made of a polyester film of 25 .mu.m in thickness, the separate-type liner was stripped off. Japanese paper was laminated on the exposed surface of the other plaster layer at the basis weight of 20 g/m.sup.2, whereon the exposed surface of the above-mentioned plaster layer adhered by rolling onto the backing layer was adhered by pressure to afford a medical adhesive of the present invention. EXAMPLE 5 Ten parts of timolol maleate, 15 parts of 1,3-butandiol, 1.2 parts of potassium hydroxide, 40 parts of purified water and 1 part of polyacrylic acid were mixed for dissolution to give a hydrophilic phase. With 20 parts of lauric acid, 4 parts of polyoxyethylene sorbitan monooleate and 3 parts of sorbitan monooleate were mixed for dissolution 46 parts (as the solid portion) of a copolymer solution (C) obtained by conventional polymerization of 93 parts of acrylic acid 2-ethylhexyl ester and 7 parts of acrylic acid in ethyl acetate as the solvent to give a lipophilic phase. The thus-obtained hydrophilic phase and lipophilic phase were uniformly mixed, applied onto a polyester separate-type liner of 75 .mu.m in thickness so that the thickness of the plaster after drying became 120 .mu.m, and dried at 70.degree. C. for 6 minutes to form a plaster layer of a W/O type. The plaster layer was then adhered by rolling onto a backing layer of 6 .mu.m in thickness made of a polyester film to afford a medical adhesive of the present invention. EXAMPLE 6 Fifteen parts of diclofenac sodium, 20 parts of propylene glycol, 30 parts of purified water and 2 parts of carboxymethylcellulose sodium were mixed for dissolution to give a hydrophilic phase. With 20 parts of isopropyl myristate and 5 parts of polyoxyethylene (60) hydrogenated castor oil was mixed for dissolution 38 parts (as the solid portion) of a copolymer solution (D) obtained by conventional polymerization of 70 parts of acrylic acid 2-ethylhexyl ester and 30 parts of vinyl acetate in ethyl acetate as the solvent to give a lipophilic phase. The thus-obtained hydrophilic phase and lipophilic phase were uniformly mixed, applied onto the polyester separate-liner of 75 .mu.m in thickness so that the thickness of the plaster after drying became 100 .mu.m, and dried at 70.degree. C. for 5 minutes to form a plaster layer of a W/O type. The obtained plaster layer was then adhered by rolling onto a backing layer made of a polyester film of 25 .mu.m in thickness to afford a medical adhesive of the present invention. EXAMPLE 7 Twelve parts of diclofenac sodium, 25 parts of purified water and 2 parts of crosslinked acrylic acid.vinylalcohol copolymer were mixed for dissolution to give a hydrophilic phase. With 20 parts of lauryl alcohol was mixed for dissolution 66 parts (as the solid portion) of a polymer solution (E) obtained by homogeneous mixing for dissolution of 25 parts of VISTANEX MML-80 (viscosity-average molecular weight 990,000) and 75 parts of HIMOL-4H (viscosity-average molecular weight 40,000) in n-hexane as the solvent to give a lipophilic phase. The thus-obtained hydrophilic phase and lipophilic phase were uniformly mixed, applied onto a polyester separate-type liner of 75 .mu.m in thickness so that the thickness of the plaster after drying became 100 .mu.m, and dried at 75.degree. C. for 5 minutes to form a plaster layer of a W/O type. The plaster layer was then adhered by rolling onto a backing layer made of a polyester film of 25 .mu.m in thickness to afford a medical adhesive of the present invention. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 1 An attempt to obtain an adhesive in the same manner as in Example 1 except that the copolymer solution (A) was excluded from the ingredients to be incorporated resulted in failure. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 2 An attempt to obtain an adhesive in the same manner as in Example 1 except that the copolymer solution (A) as the solid portion was incorporated in the proportion of 20 parts instead of 38 parts resulted in failure since the stable plaster layer could not be formed. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 3 An adhesive was obtained in the same manner as in Example 1 except that the propylene glycol and isopropyl myristate as the percutaneous absorption-promoting agents were excluded from the ingredients to be incorporated. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 4 An adhesive was obtained in the same manner as in Example 1 except that purified water was excluded from the ingredients to be incorporated. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 5 An attempt to obtain an adhesive in the same manner as in Example 1 except that the crosslinked acrylic acid-vinyl alcohol copolymer as a hydrophilic polymer was excluded from the ingredients to be incorporated resulted in failure since an adhesive having a uniform and stable plaster layer could not be obtained due to separation between the hydrophilic phase and the lipophilic phase in the drying process at 70.degree. C. for 4 minutes. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 6 An adhesive was obtained in the same manner as in Example 3 except that oleic acid as a percutaneous absorption-promoting agent was excluded from the ingredients to be incorporated. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 7 An adhesive was obtained in the same manner as in Example 3 except that the proportion of the purified water to be incorporated was changed from 10 parts to 70 parts, but the liquid ingredients blotted on the surface of the plaster layer immediately after preparation. Thus, the adhesive was considered to fail to retain the liquid ingredients stably and was not subjected to the animal tests as shown below. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 8 An attempt to obtain an adhesive in the same manner as in Example 4 except that the copolymer solution (B) was excluded from the ingredients to be incorporated resulted in failure. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 9 An adhesive was obtained in the same manner as in Example 5 except that the 1,3-butandiol as a percutaneous absorption-promoting agent, potassium hydroxide and purified water were excluded from the ingredients to be incorporated. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 10 An attempt to obtained an adhesive in the same manner as in Example 6 except that the proportion of the copolymer solution (D) as the solid portion to be incorporated was changed from 38 parts to 25 parts resulted in failure since a stable layer containing medicinal ingredient could not be formed. COMPARATIVE EXAMPLE 11 An attempt to obtain an adhesive in the same manner as in Example 7 except that the crosslinked acrylic acid.vinyl alcohol copolymer which is a hydrophilic polymer was excluded from the ingredients to be incorporated resulted in failure since an adhesive having a uniform plaster layer could not be obtained due to separation of the hydrophilic phase from the lipophilic phase in the drying process. EXPERIMENTAL EXAMPLE The water contents were quantitatively determined for the plaster layers of all Examples in which the uniform and stable plaster layers could be prepared, the plaster layers of Comparative Examples 3, 4, 6 and 9 and the unstable plaster layer obtained according to Comparative Example 7. As far as Comparative Example 7 was concerned, the plaster layer from which the blotted liquid ingredients were wiped off with filter paper was quantitatively determined for the water content. Furthermore, for the above-mentioned adhesives other than the adhesive according to Comparative Example 7, animal experiments were conducted. EXPERIMENTAL EXAMPLE 1 Quantitative determination of the water content Water was extracted from the pieces of the size of 5.times.5 cm (=25 cm.sup.2) cut out from the adhesives of Examples 1-7 and Comparative Examples 3, 4, 6, 7 and 9 with anhydrous methanol with sufficient care prohibiting entry of external moisture, and subjected to chromatography to quantitatively determine the water content in the adhesives. The results of this test are shown in Table 1. In table, each of the indicated values is the mean value of three samples. EXPERIMENTAL EXAMPLE 2 Test of adhesion to rabbits . . . migration property of medicinal ingredient into the skin The pieces of the size of 30 mm.phi. cut out from the adhesives of Examples 1-7 and Comparative Examples 3, 4, 6 and 9 were adhered to the skin in the depilated back of rabbits (male white Japanese native species aged 12 weeks) for 24 hours and stripped off. The residual medicinal ingredient was quantitatively determined by high performance liquid chromatography, and the apparent migration ratio of the midicinal ingredient to the skin based on the initial content (hereinafter referred to briefly as skin-migration ratio) was calculated. The results of these tests are shown in Table 1. In Table, each of the indicated values is the mean value of three samples. EXPERIMENTAL EXAMPLE 3 Test of adhesion to rats . . . change in concentration in blood of medicinal ingredient The round pieces cut out from the adhesives were adhered to the skin in the depilated abdomens of male SD rats aged 9 weeks at the dose of the medicinal ingredient of 6 mg/rat for compound (I), 10 mg/rat for timolol maleate and 10 mg/rat for diclofenac sodium for 24 hours. Blood was collected at 5, 7 and 24 hours' lapse after adhesion. The medicinal ingredient was extracted from the blood in accordance with a conventional method, and the concentration in blood was quantitatively determined by gas chromatography or high performance liquid chromatography. The test results are shown in FIG. 1. Each of the values indicates the mean value of three samples. TABLE 1 ______________________________________ Skin- Medicinal Water content migration ingredient (% by weight) ratio (%) ______________________________________ Example 1 Compound (I) 7.1 61.5 2 Compound (I) 0.7 26.5 3 Compound (I) 3.3 47.8 4 Timolol maleate 8.4 58.9 5 Timolol maleate 12.9 63.3 6 Diclofenac sodium 6.0 20.8 7 Diclofenac sodium 3.1 17.2 Comparative Example 3 Compound (I) 5.8 49.2 4 Compound (I) .apprxeq.0.0 15.3 6 Compound (I) 3.6 42.5 7 Compound (I) 21.7 -- 9 Timolol maleate .apprxeq.0.0 2.1 ______________________________________ BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to a medical adhesive which is excellent in terms of release and percutaneous and per mucosa (hereinafter when referred to as percutaneous, the term includes per mucosa unless otherwise specified) absorption of medicinal ingredients from a preparation. Ease of producibility and stability of the preparation are also maintained. A wide variety of preparations have been developed as adhesives for topical applications. In recent years, percutaneous administration has drawn attention as an efficient administration route for of medicines, and some adhesives for systemic actions, for example, preparations of nitroglycerin, isosorbide dinitrate, scopolamine, clonidine and estradiol are marketed. Most of the medicinal ingredients of these marketed preparations are suitable for percutaneous absorption in view of their physical properties and levels of effective concentration in blood, and are relatively easily formed into preparations. However, medicinal ingredients consisting of hydrophilic compounds in the form of salts or the like are generally difficult to absorb percutaneously, and even release of the medicinal ingredients from the preparations is often difficult in matrix type adhesives in which the medicinal ingredients are incorporated or dispersed in polymers having relatively high hydrophobicity which are in wide use as the bases for adhesives. As one of the means for improving absorbability of medicinal ingredients in such cases release from the preparations or percutaneous absorbability of the medicinal ingredients may be enhanced by increasing the fat-solubility of the medicinal ingredients themselves. For example, the medicinal ingredients may be used which have been in advance converted into their free bases in the base of the preparation; or free bases of the medicinal ingredients may be formed in the preparation. As another means of improvement, incorporation of percutaneous absorption-promoting agents may be employed. Active studies have recently been made of absorption-promoting agents, and a number of absorption-promoting agents have been reported. Many examples of the adhesives containing absorption-promoting agents are described in, for example, unexamined Japanese Patent Application Nos. 24517/1986 and 221121/1986. However, the solubility of the medicinal ingredients in the base, release thereof from the base, or percutaneous absorbability of such adhesives are not satisfactory. For the preparations in which the afore-mentioned medicinal ingredients having relatively high hydrophilicity are incorporated in bases mainly consisting of a hydrophobic polymer to exhibit solubility, release and percutaneous absorbability of the medicinal ingredients as expected, solubilizers for the medicinal ingredients are normally necessary. As a solubilizer for medicinal ingredients, water is generally selected in view of its low stimulus against the skin. As the examples of such adhesives in which water is used as a solubilizer, mention can be made of the adhesives as described in unexamined Japanese Patent Publication No. 02253/1985, wherein no absorption-promoting agent is contained, permitting relatively easy provision of stable plaster layers. This invention relates to an improvement of the adhesives using water as a solubilizer as mentioned above. The present invention provides a medical adhesive exhibiting excellent release and percutaneous absorption of the medicinal ingredient, which comprises a base mainly consisting of a hydrophobic polymer, an effective amount of a medicinal ingredient of low solubility in said hydrophobic polymer or poor in release from said hydrophobic polymer and an effective amount of percutaneous absorption-promoting agents which are admixed with or dispersed throughout said base. For the purpose of obtaining such an adhesive, a solubilizer for the medicinal ingredient is normally required. The effective amounts of medicinal ingredients are generally determined primarily on the basis of the results of initial studies of physical properties, pharmacological effects, effective concentration in blood and the like of the medicinal ingredients, and the effective amounts are not in general determined taking account of the forms and usability of the preparations. This results in a problem that a stable preparation which exhibits the expected pharmacological effect cannot be necessarily obtained in many cases only by incorporating and mixing an effective amount of said medicinal ingredients, an effective amount of percutaneous absorption-promoting agents and the other ingredients. In the present invention, for example, at least one percutaneous absorption-promoting agent is used. Percutaneous absorption-promoting agents are generally classified into two types, hydrophobic absorption-promoting agents and hydrophilic absorption-promoting agents as mentioned below, and they are normally used solely or in combination. In some cases, poor compatibility of the percutaneous absorption-promoting agents with solubilizers for medicinal ingredients or hydrophobic polymers, gives rise to separation of the ingredients during the course of production of the preparations or with the lapse of days after production, which results in failure to provide the desired adhesives. Below, examples of the combination where compatibility is poor are given, including the above case. a) a hydrophobic absorption-promoting agent and a hydrophilic absorption-promoting agent; b) a hydrophobic absorption-promoting agent and a solubilizer for medicinal ingredients; c) a hydrophobic polymer or a solution thereof in an organic solvent and a hydrophilic absorption-promoting agent; and d) a hydrophobic polymer or a solution thereof in an organic solvent and a solubilizer for medicinal ingredients. As mentioned above, compatibility of each component is critical to feasibility of the preparations for those containing multiple components, and when components of the preparation have poor compatibility, the preparation lacks stability. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An object of the present invention is to provide an adhesive comprising a base mainly composed of a hydrophobic polymer, in which a medicinal ingredient which is difficult to absorb percutaneously; for example, a medicinal ingredient having relatively high hydrophilicity, is incorporated and water as a solubilizer is further contained, and having satisfactory solubility, release properties and percutaneous absorption of the medicinal ingredients. Another object of the present invention is to provide an adhesive as mentioned above which exhibits excellent stability as a preparation and is easily produced. The inventors of the present invention have made intensive studies for the purpose of solving the before-mentioned problems, and as a result, obtained the following findings. Water used as a solubilizer is inferior in compatibility with a hydrophobic polymer, and use of a large amount of water makes uniform mixture difficult. The present inventors have found that the steps of (1) incorporating a hydrophilic polymer which is soluble or capable of swelling in water for increasing viscosity of a solution and (2) mixing the solution with a solution of a hydrophobic polymer in an organic solvent, followed by homogeneous dispersion suppress separation among the respective components in the obtained applicable solution or the plaster layer obtained by drying same, even if a large amount of water is incorporated, and sufficient solubility, release and percutaneous absorbability of the medicinal ingredients can be attained. Moreover, the inventors have found that a preparation of particularly stable systems can be obtained by incorporating the hydrophobic polymer as the main component of the base in a proportion of not less than 25% by weight relative to the total amount of the below-mentioned ingredients 1.about.5 excluding the organic solvent of the hydrophobic polymer and further making the plaster layer of the finished adhesive a W/O type. The present invention has been completed on the basis of the foregoing findings and is summarized as follows: (1) A medical adhesive comprising a plaster layer containing the following ingredients, characterized in that the ingredient 2 is incorporated in a larger amount than the ingredient 5 and in an amount not less than 25% by weight relative to the total amount of the ingredients 1.about.5, and the plaster layer is a W/O type: 1 a medicinal ingredient, 2 a hydrophobic polymer having a glass transition temperature (Tg) of -65.degree. C. to 35.degree. C., 3 a percutaneous absorption-promoting agent, 4 water, and 5 a hydrophilic polymer which is soluble or capable of swelling in water; and (2) a medical adhesive as described in (1), which comprises a porous base layer in the plaster layer or in contact with the plaster layer. In the adhesive according to the present invention, water is incorporated as a solubilizer in an amount necessary for making the plaster layer a W/O type. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a graph showing the change in concentration in blood of the medicinal ingredient in each adhesive. FIGS. 2-4 are cross sectional views of the adhesives of the present invention having a porous base layer, wherein 1 is a plaster layer, 2 is a backing layer, 3 is a porous base layer and 4 is a separate liner.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A medical preparation comprising a plaster layer containing the following ingredients: (1) a medicinal ingredient in the range of 0.1 to 15% by weight; (2) a hydrophobic polymer in the range of 25 to 80% by weight, selected from the group consisting of acrylic polymers, silicone gums, polyisobutylene gums, polyisoprene gums, styrene-butadiene-styrene block copolymer gums, styrene-isoprene-styrene block copolymer gums, poly vinylalkyl ethers, poly vinyl-acetate, poly vinyl-propionate and polyurethane elastic bodies, said hydrophobic polymer having a glass transistion temperature (Tg) of -50.degree. C. to 0.degree. C.; (3) a percutaneous absorption-promoting agent in the range of 0.1 to 80% by weight; (4) water in the range of 0.1 to 20% by weight; and, (5) a water soluble or water-absorbing polymer in the range of 0.1 to 15% by weight; wherein said ingredient (2) constitutes a continuous phase of said plaster layer and said ingredients (4) and (5) are dispersed in said continuous phase of ingredient (2). 2. 2. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 1 wherein the solubility of the medicinal ingredient is at least 1 g or 1 ml per 10,000 ml of water. 3. 3. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 2, wherein the medicinal ingredient is selected from the group consisting of (R)-3-[(S)-1-carboxy-5-(4-piperidyl)pentyl]amino-4-oxo-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro- 1,5-benzothiazepine-5-acetic acid, timolol maleate and diclofenac sodium. 4. 4. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 1, wherein the hydrophobic polymer having a Tg of -50.degree. C. to 0.degree. C. is a pressure-sensitive acrylic adhesive polymer. 5. 5. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 4, wherein the pressure-sensitive acrylic adhesive polymer comprises (meth)acrylic acid alkyl ester and a copolymerizable monomer in a mixing ratio of 50-99/1-50 by weight. 6. 6. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 4, wherein the pressure-sensitive acrylic adhesive polymer is a copolymer of (meth)acrylic acid alkyl ester, (meth)acrylic acid alkyl ester containing an ether linkage and a copolymerizable monomer; the proportion of the (meth)acrylic acid alkyl ester, (meth)acrylic acid alkyl ester containing an ether linkage and a copolymerizable monomer being 40-80/59-10/1-40 by weight. 7. 7. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 1, wherein the hydrophobic polymer having a Tg of 50.degree. C. to 0.degree. C. is crosslinked. 8. 8. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 1, wherein the percutaneous absorption-promoting agent is at least one species selected from the group consisting of aliphatic carboxylic acids having 6-20 carbon atoms, their lower alcohol esters, aliphatic alcohols having 6-20 carbon atoms and alkanepolyols. 9. 9. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 1, wherein the hydrophilic polymer soluble or capable of swelling in water is a water-absorbing polymer capable of absorbing 50-2,000 times amount its own weight of water. 10. 10. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 1, which comprises a porous base layer in the plaster layer or in contact with the plaster layer. 11. 11. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 1, wherein the porous base layer is placed in contact with a backing layer on the side toward the backing layer of the plaster layer. 12. 12. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 1, wherein the water soluble polymer is selected from the group consisting of starch, pullulan, cellulose, tannin, lignin, alginic acid, gum arabic, gum guar, gum tragacanth, gelatin, polyvinyl alcohol, polyvinyl ethyleneoxide, acrylic acid, maleic anhydride, phthalic acid, acrylamide, polyvinyl pyrrolidones, polyamines, polyelectrolytes, urea and melamine. 13. 13. A medical preparation as claimed in claim 1, wherein the water-absorbing polymer is selected from the group consisting of vinyl acetate-acrylic acid ester copolymer suspensions, polyacrylic acid salts, polyvinyl alcohol-maleic anhydride crosslinked copolymers, isobutylene-maleic acid crosslinked copolymers, polyacrylonitrile graft polymer suspensions and starch-acrylic acid graft polymers. 14. 14. A medical preparation comprising a plaster layer containing the following ingredients: (1) a medicinal ingredient in the range of 0.1 to 15% by weight; (2) a hydrophobic polymer in the range of 25 to 80% by weight, selected from the group consisting of acrylic polymers, silicone gums, polyisobutylene gums, polyisoprene gums, styrene-butadiene-styrene block copolymer gums, styrene-isoprene-styrene block copolymer gums, poly vinylalkyl ethers, poly vinyl-acetate, poly vinyl-propionate and polyurethane elastic bodies; (3) a percutaneous absorption-promoting agent in the range of 0.1 to 80% by weight; (4) water in the range of 0.1 to 20% by weight; and, (5) a water soluble or water-absorbing polymer in the range of 0.1 to 15% by weight; wherein said ingredient (2) constitutes a continuous phase of said plaster layer and said ingredients (4) and (5) are dispersed in said continuous phase of ingredient (2).</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176917</DOCNO><APP-NO>730023</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910712</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176917</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61F 13/02</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424448</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>3908431	19890315	DE</PRIORITY><CITATION>4834979/19890500	4917895/19900400</CITATION><INVENTOR>Muller; Walter</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>LTS Lohmann</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Transdermal system exhibiting graduated drug release and its use for the local or systemic administration of active substances</TITLE><ABST>The present invention relates to a transdermal system with graduated drug release and to its use for the local or systemic dermal drug administration in human and veterinary medicine, or in cosmetics.</ABST><SPEC>The system described in FIG. 1 consists of a backing layer (11), the active substance containing reservoir (12), the controlling membrane (13), a pressure-sensitive adhesive layer for securing the system to the skin (14), and a removable protective foil (15). In some cases the pressure-sensitive adhesive layer (14) has the same formulation as the reservoir (12) so that the membrane is actually incorporated in the reservoir, and thus one can imagine the reservoir being built up of two parts. If the active substance is present in the reservoir at an oversaturated concentration, a release according to a kinetic 0 is achieved by the membrane. Order, i.e., a constant release within the application period; and if the active substance is present below this concentration, a release according to a kinetic 1 is achieved. Order according to equation 3. FIG. 2 shows the general construction of a system according to the present invention. It consists of a backing layer (21), a reservoir (22), a membrane (23), a self-adhesive skin coat (24), and a removable protective foil (25). Membrane (23) is smaller than the reservoir surface, since the membrane has a central, circular recess. In FIG. 3 a membrane (31) is incorporated in the reservoir (32) which for this reason is divided into two halves (33 and 34). If the reservoir formulation is self-adhesive, the self-adhesive skin coat (24) of FIG. 2 can naturally be omitted. Due to the fact that the surface of the membrane is always smaller than the total area of the reservoir, reservoir and skin, or reservoir and pressure-sensitive adhesive layer, or both parts of the reservoir, respectively, are in direct contact with each other on that surface which is not covered by the membrane. FIG. 4 shows some examples of geometric forms of such membranes according to the present invention, in which either the hatched areas or the areas without hatches are membranes. The embodiments according to the present invention as shown in FIGS. 3 and 4 are particularly suitable for systems with only one membrane being impermeable to the active substance, e.g., such as is shown in FIG. 4.1 and integrated into the reservoir according to FIG. 3. At first, this system behaves like a common matrix system, i.e., the active substance is released over the whole releasing surface according to the so-called root-t-law. However, as soon as the reservoir member, which is positioned below the membrane area, is emptied so far that the depletion zone has reached the membrane, the behaviour of the reservoir compared to a common matrix system changes drastically. The active substance release decreases rapidly on the surface having the same dimension as the membrane, while on the partial surface which is not covered by the membrane the release continues undiminishedly according to the root-t-law until the depletion zone reaches the backing layer. Thus, the additional initial dosage originates from the area lying below the membrane. By way of changing the absolute area sizes and the relation between membrane surface and total surface of the reservoir, the amount of initial dosage and maintenance dosage can be influenced within wide ranges. As a matter of fact, such a release behaviour can also be achieved in that the reservoir is given a steplike geometry. However, this bears the disadvantage that such a system is more difficult to produce, and that due to the plastic deformability of usual reservoir formulations such a system does not maintain its steplike shape. Embodiment 4.5 is particularly advantageous, since there are no problems concerning positioning due to the variety of holes within the membrane. By way of changing the ratio of membrane surface to the total surface, and the choice of membranes of different permeabilities to the active substance, the release behaviour of the system can be influenced in wide ranges, as is stated below. It is particularly possible administer very high initial dosages. FIGS. 5a and 5b show in sectional view and in top view an embodiment of the present invention which is provided with a combination of two different membranes. The combination of a membrane having permeability "0" with a membrane of higher permeability is particularly suitable. Such a system is shown in FIG. 5a. It consists of the impermeable backing layer (51), the reservoir (52), a membrane of permeability 0 to the active substance or substances (53), a membrane of a higher permeability than 0 to the active substance or substances (54), and a removable protective layer (55). Both membranes are once more shown in FIG. 5b in top view. As a matter of fact, the membrane having permeability 0 must be smaller than the total releasing surface of the system, thus limiting the maximum active substance release on that partial area of the total releasing surface corresponding to the membrane size, since that portion of active substance lying above the membrane cannot pass it. The membrane having the permeability higher than 0 effects an active substance release according to a kinetic of order 0 or 1 on that partial area of the total releasing surface corresponding to its size. Both membranes need not necessarily lie in the same plane within the system. Their exact position depends on the individual requirements, and it is an additional means to achieve the desired release behaviour. If the membrane having permeability 0 lies closer to the releasing surface, the other membrane may be as large as the total releasing surface without changing the release behaviour, since said membrane is of no effect, if it lies above the impermeable membrane. FIGS. 6 and 7 show the release behaviour of those systems having a membrane which is impermeable to the active substance, as example a scopolamine plaster is chosen. The following indications apply to all samples described in the following: the active substance content amounts to 450 .mu.g/cm.sup.2 and the weight per unit area of the self-adhesive reservoir amounts to 12.5 mg/cm.sup.2. FIG. 6 shows the cumulated released amount of scopolamine as function of time. Curve I corresponds to a normal system of 2 cm.sup.2 size without membrane, and serves as comparison. Curve II corresponds to a system of a total size of 3 cm.sup.2 ; an impermeable membrane is incorporated into the reservoir. The membrane has an area of 1 cm.sup.2 and divides the reservoir into one layer having an area weight of 10.4 mg/cm.sup.2 and one having an area weight of 2.1 mg/cm.sup.2. Curve III corresponds to a system of a total area of 4 cm.sup.2 and a membrane surface of 2 cm.sup.2. It can clearly be recognized that on the whole the active substance release of the systems provided with membrane is higher. However, in FIG. 7 it can be recognized more clearly that this increased active substance release only applies to the initial phase of release. FIG. 7 shows the release rate per system and hour as function of time, i.e., the flux is indicated. Thus, this system is particularly useful, if relatively high initial dosages shall be combined with a maintenance dosage which is not necessarily constant. FIGS. 8 and 9 show an embodiment according to the present invention having a membrane of limited permeability to the active substance; as example a scopolamine plaster was used under the same conditions as described for FIGS. 6 and 7. The cumulative release is shown in FIG. 8, the flux is shown in FIG. 9. Curve I or flux I, respectively, corresponds to a system of 2 cm.sup.2 having a membrane of the same size (comparison), curve II or flux II, respectively, correspond to a system of 2.5 cm.sup.2 having a membrane of 2 cm.sup.2, and curve III or flux III, respectively, correspond to a system of 3 cm.sup.2 size having a membrane of 2 cm.sup.2. Even the system according to curve I and flux I is able to release a certain initial dosage. This initial dosage corresponds to a release according to the root-t-law according to equation 1 and 2, which takes place until the depletion zone of the active substance has reached the membrane. The other two systems provided with membrane, which are of smaller dimension than the releasing surface of the system the initial dosage can be increased very easily. In this case, the intitial dosage is followed by a constant maintenance dosage the amount of which depends on the permeability and the surface of the membrane. Production of the systems according to the present invention used in FIGS. 6 to 9 (samples) 230 g polyacrylate resin adhesive (50% in acetic ester) 6 g scopolamine base 10 g Cetiol S 50 g methanol were mixed and the mixture homogenized. A siliconized polyester foil of 100.mu. thickness was coated with this mixture as films of 400.mu. (film I) and 100.mu. (film II), the films were dried at 50.degree. C. for 15 minutes. After drying, film I had a weight per unit area of 103 g/m.sup.2 and film II one of 21 g/m.sup.2. The membrane having circular recesses of adequate size was laminated on film II, and film I in turn was laminated thereon. The siliconized polyester foil of film I was removed and substituted for an unsiliconized foil of 15.mu. thickness. The individual samples were punched in such a way that the adequate total area resulted and the recess became positioned centrally. Performance of the in vitro-release The release was carried out at 32.degree. C. according to the paddle-over-disk-method using 50 ml physiological saline. In order to determine the samples the total release medium was changed completely and the content determined according to a HPLC-method. 71 492530 19900312 03 The present invention relates to a transdermal system with graduated drug release and to its use for the local or systemic dermal drug administration in human and veterinary medicine, or in cosmetics. Transdermal therapeutic systems have become well-established in the treatment of various diseases. Their major advantage is the fact that the active substance after permeation through the skin is immediately systemically effective, thereby avoiding the primary liver passage which always occurs in the case of orally administered active substances, and that very constant plasma levels can be achieved, if the system is adequately prepared. This is of special importance for active substances which exhibit short half-lives and therefore make necessary a constant fresh delivery of the drug. Since the system is applied externally, the intended function can thus be performed for a very long period of time--some of the commercially available systems may remain on the site of application for up to one week. This effect can virtually not be achieved with oral systems, since they leave the organism after one day at the latest due to digestion. Such transdermal systems usually consist of a backing layer which is impermeable to the active substance, an active substance reservoir, a fixing device for anchoring the system to the skin, and a removable protective foil for the skin side of the system. In a preferred embodiment of the fixing device the skin side is rendered at least partially self-adhesive. In those systems the reservoir may have the form of a bag containing the liquid or dissolved active substance, or it may be a foil-like article comprising the active substance as a polymer containing preparation. The latter systems are also called matrix systems, and the following statements relate to those kinds of systems. If the reservoir of such a matrix system consists of only one homogeneous layer and no further layers controlling the active substance release are present between the side facing the skin after application and the skin itself, the system controls the active substance release; if the matrix is supersaturated this is performed according to equation 1, if this is not the case according to equation 2. Q=(D.sub.DR * [C.sub.DR -C.sub.SDR ]*C.sub.SDR *t).sup.1/2 equation 1 Q=2*C.sub.DR *(D.sub.DR *t/3.14).sup.1/2 equation 2 Q: amount of active substance released at time t t: time D.sub.DR : diffusion coefficient of active substance in the matrix C.sub.DR : active substance concentration in the reservoir C.sub.SDR : saturation solubility of the active substance in the reservoir Since Q is directly proportional the square root of time, these equations are also called the root-t-law. The active substance release is not constant in these systems and rapidly decreases in the course of time. If a more constant active substance release is desired, this can be achieved by the use of so-called controlling membranes. Such a system consists of a backing layer, an active substance reservoir, a controlling membrane, a pressure-sensitive adhesive layer for securing the system to the skin and a removable protective foil. Q=Co*e.sup.-D/l*t equation 3 Co=initial concentration of active substance D=diffusion coefficient of active substance in the membrane l=thickness of membrane For some groups of active substances constant release rates and constant plasma levels may be undesired. For example, in the case of blood pressure and circulation influencing agents, calmatives and soporifics, psychopharmacological agents, anodynes, angina pectoris agents, antiasthmatics, and agents facilitating the curing of drug addiction, e.g., nicotine. In case of these substances it is advantageous to achieve plasma levels adapted to the indiviual need. In addition, some drugs are not administered constantly, but only when need arises at probably very large intervals. Such a substance which is already on the market as transdermal system, e.g., is scopolamine against motion sickness. Other active substances suitable for such a temporary administration, e.g., are anodynes, psychopharmacological agents, calmatives, soporifics, or appetite-suppressing agents. In the case of a transdermal application of such substances, the transdermal system has to effect a variable active substance flux through the skin during the period of application, whereby an initial dosage provides for a rapid commencement of effect, and a maintenance dosage provides for a sufficiently long constancy or a preprogrammed decrease of plasma levels. A transdermal therapeutic system to solve this problem has been described in EP-A 0 227 252. In this case, the active substance in a reservoir is brought into contact with an amount of penetration accelerator merely sufficient to maintain the accelerated penetration only during a defined initial phase of application. It is of disadvantage in this case that each active substance has to assigned a suitable penetration accelerator. Another solution to this problem has been proposed in DE-OS 36 42 931. In this case, at least two plaster chambers lying side by side and being separate from each other are provided with different active substance concentrations so that in the first application phase the release of active substance from all chambers effects a high initial dosage, while after evacuation of the chambers with low active substance concentration only those chambers with higher active substance concentration contribute to the release and thus effect a lower maintenance dosage. This system is expensive merely because of this chamber construction, and requires special measures with respect to the different adjustments of concentration in the chambers. It is accordingly the object of the present invention to provide a plaster used as therapeutic system with graduated drug release for the administration of active substances to the skin, which avoids the compelling presence of a penetration accelerator and--in excess of the prior art--offers additional possiblities to control the active substance release, and which furthermore can be manufactured in a simple manner. According to the present invention, this object is surprisingly achieved in that the active substance containing reservoir comprises at least one membrane located parallel to the releasing surface, the surface of said membrane being smaller in its dimension than the releasing area. Thus the subject matter of the present invention is a transdermal system for the controlled, gradational administration of active substances to the skin, which exhibits a high initial dosage and a lower maintenance dosage and consists of a backing layer averted from the skin and impermeable to active substances, an active substance reservoir which comprises at least one membrane located parallel to the releasing surface, a pressure-sensitive adhesive fixing device for securing the system to the skin, and a removable protective layer optionally covering the surfaces of the system facing the skin, wherein the membrane surface is smaller than the releasing surface of the system. In this connection, a membrane means an areal flexible article whose permeability to components of the active substance reservoir can also equal nil. Thus, for example, a thin metal foil is also comprised by the term membrane. Usually the thickness of such a membrane rarely ecxeeds 50.mu., however, thicker membranes are not excluded for special cases. Normal membrane thicknesses are from 20 to 100 .mu.m. The membrane may either be incorporated or embedded in the membrane, or adjoin the reservoir on the skin side. According to an embodiment of the present invention, the membrane is impermeable to the active substance or substances to be released. According to a further embodiment, the membrane exhibits a limited permeability to the active substance or active substances. According to the present invention it is also possible to combine two membranes having different permeabilities to the substances to be released. In this connection, at least one of these membranes has a smaller surface than that of the releasing area of the system. In this case it is of advantage that said smaller membrane is impermeable to the substance or substances to be released, and incorporated in the reservoir. The active substance or substances may be present in the reservoir at a concentration below the saturation concentration or at a concentration exceeding the saturation concentration. The reservoir itself may consist of several layers of different composition. In principle, the same materials as described for common systems can be used for all components of such a system. These materials are known to the man skilled in the art. The backing layer may consist of flexible or inflexible material, and may be constructed single or multi-layered. Substances suitable for its production are polymeric substances, such as, e.g., polyethylene, polypropylene, polyethylene terephthalate, polyurethane, or polyamide. As further materials metal foils, e.g., an aluminum foil alone or coated with a polymeric substrate may be used. Textile fabrics may be used, too, if the components of the reservoir cannot leave the reservoir via the gas phase due to their physical properties. In principle, the same materials may be used for the removable protective foil, however, they must additionally be rendered dehesive. This dehesive preparation can be achieved by a special siliconization. The reservoir or the layers of the reservoir, respectively, consist of a polymeric matrix and the active substance or substances, whereby the polymeric matrix exhibits such a self-adhesiveness that the coherence in case of a multi-layer construction is guaranteed. The polymeric material of the matrix may, e.g., be built up of polymers, such as rubber, rubber-like synthetic homo-, co-, or blockpolymers, polyacrylic acid esters and their copolymers, polyurethanes, copolymers of ethylene and polysiloxanes. In principle, all polymers are suitable which are used in the manufacture of pressure-sensitive adhesives and are physiologically acceptable. Additives may also be used, their nature depends on the polymer used and the active substance or substances. Depending on their function they can be divided into softeners, tackifiers, resorption agents, stabilizers, or fillers. Substances suitable for this purpose and physiologically acceptable are known to the man skilled in the art. All physiologically acceptable foil-like materials having the adequate permeability to the active substance or substances or auxiliary agents, respectively, are suitable for the manufacture of the membranes. Membranes on the basis of polyethylene, polyamide, ethylene-vinyl acetate-copolymers, and polysiloxanes are particularly suitable. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF DRAWINGS In the following, the invention is further illustrated but not limited by the drawings: FIG. 1 shows a section through a system provided with a controlling membrane according to the prior art, FIG. 2 shows an embodiment of a system according to the present invention, FIG. 3 shows another view of the matrix of FIG. 2 with a membrane incorporated into the matrix, FIG. 4 in FIGS. 4.1 to 4.6 shows six different embodiments of the membrane, FIG. 5a shows a section through an embodiment of the present invention exhibiting a combination of an impermeable membrane with a membrane of higher permeability, FIG. 5b shows a top view on the embodiment of FIG. 5a, FIG. 6 shows diagrammatically the release behaviour of an embodiment with a membrane incorporated in the reservoir and impermeable to the active substance in the form as shown in FIG. 4, whereby the cumulated released amount of active substance is shown as function of time, FIG. 7 shows the release behaviour of the same system as shown in FIG. 6, however, diagrammatically the active substance release rate per system and hour as function of time, FIG. 8 shows in a diagram the release behaviour of a system according to the present invention with a membrane of limited permeability to the active substance, whereby the cumulative active substance release is plotted versus time, FIG. 9 shows diagrammatically the release rate of the same system as shown in FIG. 8 per system and hour as function of time.</SPEC><CLAIM>I claim: 1. 1. A transdermal system for the controlled administration of an active substance to the skin, which exhibits a high initial dosage and a lower maintenance dosage and consists of: (A) a backing layer impermeable to the active substance and, in use, to be spaced from the skin, (B) a reservoir having two portions, (i) a first active substance portion adjacent the backing layer, and (ii) a second active substance portion having a predetermined releasing surface for the active material, (C) a pressure-sensitive adhesive for securing the second active substance reservoir portion to the skin, and (D) a membrane between the first and second active substance reservoir portions, the membrane being permeable to the active substance and including openings through which the active substance can pass, the surface area of said openings being smaller than the releasing surface area of the second reservoir portion, whereby the second reservoir portion initially releases its active material to the skin while the flow of active material from the first to the second reservoir portion is restricted by the membrane, so that there is an initial high rate of transfer of active material followed by a lower controlled rate of transfer. 2. 2. A transdermal system according to claim 1, wherein the membrane is impermeable to the active substance and includes openings through which the active substance can pass. 3. 3. A transdermal system according to claim 1, wherein the membrane is of limited permeability to the active substance. 4. 4. A transdermal system according to claim 1, wherein the concentration of active substance in the first reservoir portion differs from that in the second reservoir portion.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176918</DOCNO><APP-NO>633018</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19901220</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176918</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K  9/06</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424449</PRI-USPC><CITATION>4933184/19900600</CITATION><INVENTOR>Jones; Jeffry L.</INVENTOR><TITLE>Topical medicament</TITLE><ABST>A topical medicament comprising a dilute aqueous solution of sodium bicarbonate and a transdermal carrier, preferably containing approximately equal proportions by weight of a 3 percent aqueous solution of sodium bicarbonate, and propylene glycol, the resultant solution comrpising about 1.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION Applicant has surprisingly discovered that a very effective topical medicament can be made by mixing a dilute aqueous solution of sodium bicarbonate with an absorbent transdermal carrier such as propylene glycol. The subject composition is useful for relieving itching and pain from sunburn, minor burns, sore and strained muscles, insect bites, minor inflammatory diseases such as arthritis, tendinitis or bursitis, and the like. Because both sodium bicarbonate and propylene glycol are approved for topical use by the FDA, the composition of the invention is believed to be non-toxic. It will be appreciated by those of ordinary skill in the art upon reading this disclosure that the compositions of the invention can be made with widely ranging proportions of the sodium bicarbonate and transdermal carrier components. Compositions comprising approximately equal proportions of a dilute aqueous solution of sodium bicarbonate and a transdermal carrier are generally preferred. It is only required, however, that sufficient transdermal carrier be present to cause adequate absorption of the subject medicament into the skin of the user to alleviate the particular symptom being treated. Maximum therapeutic results were achieved in solutions containing less than 3 weight percent sodium bicarbonate solutions containing about 1.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate are preferred due to safety of 1.5% being isotonic with human tissue (American Hospital Formulary Service Drug Information 1987). Another preferred composition of the invention comprises about 2.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate dissolved in water, and about 25 weight percent propylene glycol. Preferred compositions for use in preparing the topical medicaments of the invention are made by dissolving from about 0.5 to about 6, and most preferably about 3, weight percent sodium bicarbonate in distilled water and thereafter combining the dilute aqueous solution of sodium bicarbonate thus formed with a transdermal carrier such as propylene glycol in approximately equal proportions by weight. This results in a medicament comprising from about 0.25 to about 3 weight percent, and most preferably about 1.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate in solution. The transdermal carrier component of the inventive composition is preferably selected from the group of non-toxic water-soluble or miscible materials that are capable of being absorbed through human skin together with at least a minor amount of the sodium bicarbonate. Although propylene glycol is the preferred transdermal carrier for use in the compositions of the invention, examples of other transdermal carriers that are believed to be satisfactory for use in the subject compositions include: polyethylene glycol 400, glycerin and sorbitol. While the sodium bicarbonate and the transdermal carrier components are most significant to the compositions of the invention, it will be understood and appreciated by those of ordinary skill in the art upon reading this disclosure that other coloring agents, fragrances, moisturizers, lotions, creams and the like can also be compounded with the composition of the invention to produce a commercially marketable topical medicament. Thus, for example, from about 0.1 to about 0.5 weight percent menthol can be added to the solution to provide a pleasing odor and give a sensation of coolness upon topical application by the user. Where menthol is added as an ingredient in the topical medicaments of the invention, it is preferably dissolved in the propylene glycol or other transdermal carrier prior to combining that component with the aqueous solution of sodium bicarbonate. Similarly, soluble rose can be added to the formulation for fragrance. It will also be apparent to one of ordinary skill in the art upon reading this disclosure that a hydrophilic ointment can be combined with the formulation disclosed herein to provide a topical medicament that is an ointment rather than a solution. The compositions disclosed herein can be made by solubilizing sodium bicarbonate directly into propylene glycol, but solutions comprising from about 0.25 to about 75 weight percent propylene glycol together with an aqueous solution comprising from about 0.025 to about 3 weight percent sodium bicarbonate (by weight of the total solution) are preferred. The compositions of the invention, and the beneficial effects achieved through the use thereof, are further described in relation to the following examples: EXAMPLE 1 A topical medicament was made by mixing approximately equal weights of propylene glycol and an aqueous solution containing about 1.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate by weight of the total mixture. The subject medicament was topically applied by several users and was found to be effective for relieving pain and discomfort due to arthritis, leg cramps, itching due to insect bites, itching due to dry skin, lower back pain, and minor burns. EXAMPLE 2 A topical medicament was prepared as for example 1, but with the further addition of 0.5 percent menthol and the resulting medicament was applied topically and exhibited the beneficial effects noted above, together with an immediate cooling sensation that is attributable to the menthol component. EXAMPLE 3 A topical medicament was prepared by combining 50 weight percent propylene glycol with 50 weight percent of an aqueous solution comprising 3 percent sodium bicarbonate by weight of the total solution. The topical medicament was found to be as effective as the composition of Example 1 for relieving pain and itching. EXAMPLE 4 A topical medicament was prepared by mixing 50 weight percent propylene glycol with 50 weight percent of an aqueous solution further comprising 0.1 weight percent sodium bicarbonate by weight of the total medicament. The resultant product was applied topically, but no observable relief of pain or itching occurred. EXAMPLE 5 A topical medicament was prepared comprising about 50 weight percent propylene glycol and about 50 percent of an aqueous solution further comprising 0.25 weight percent sodium bicarbonate by total weight of the medicament. Following topical application of the medicament for the relief of pain and itching, some relief was observed, but less than that experienced with the topical medicament containing 1.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate by weight of the total composition. EXAMPLE 6 A topical medicament was prepared by mixing 1 weight percent sodium bicarbonate into 99 weight percent propylene glycol. The resultant medicament was fully effective for the temporary relief of pain and itching. EXAMPLE 7 A topical medicament was prepared comprising 50 weight percent sorbitol and 50 weight percent of an aqueous solution further comprising 1.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate by weight of the total compositions. The following topical application for the relief of pain and itching, the medicament was found to be effective, but slower acting than the compositions comprising propylene glycol. EXAMPLE 8 A topical medicament was prepare comprising 50 weight percent glycerin and 50 weight percent of an aqueous solution further comprising 1.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate by weight of the total composition. The results achieved following topical application of the medicament were the same as those for the composition prepared in Example 7. From the foregoing examples, it is seen that the topical medicament comprising sodium bicarbonate in an amount ranging from at least about 0.25 weight percent up to about 3 weight percent is effective in reducing muscle and joint pain, and itching of the skin. Compositions comprising a lesser amount of sodium bicarbonate appear to lose this effectiveness. Similarly, while other transdermal carrier such as sorbitol and glycerine appear to be somewhat effective when used in topical medicaments comprising sodium bicarbonate in the percentage ranges disclosed herein, the use of propylene glycol in the subject compositions appears to provide the most rapid results in terms of delivering sodium bicarbonate transdermally to the point of origin of the pain or itching. Although percentages of propylene glycol in excess of 50 weight percent can be used in the compositions of the invention, they do not appear to be necessary to achieve the desired results. Also, while the amount of sodium bicarbonate can be increased above 3 weight percent of the total composition, undesirable precipitation of the sodium bicarbonate out of solution can occur where greater amounts are used. Other alterations and modifications of the invention disclosed and claimed herein will likewise become apparent upon reading the present disclosure, and it is intended to cover all such alterations and modifications as may fall within the broadest interpretation of the appended claims to which the inventor is legally entitled. TECHNICAL FIELD This invention relates to a topical medicament, and more particularly, to a composition comprising sodium bicarbonate, distilled water, and an absorptive transdermal carrier such as propylene glycol. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Topical medicaments previously used for treating or relieving symptoms such as body odor, itching, sunburn, minor burns, minor inflammatory diseases, sore and strained muscles, and the like, have long been treated through the use of topical anesthetics and analgesics. Dentifrice gels containing sodium bicarbonate in an aqueous carrier comprising propylene glycol have previously been disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,943,429. An effective, medicament is needed, however, that is easily absorbable through the skin, is non-toxic, odorless, stainless, non-greasy, contains no aluminum salts, and is relatively inexpensive. Such a composition is provided herein. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION According to one embodiment of the invention, a topical medicament is provided that comprises from about 0.25 percent to about 3 percent by weight sodium bicarbonate, from about 1 to about 99 percent by weight of a transdermal carrier, and water. According to another embodiment of the invention, a topical medicament is provided that comprises from about 0.25 to about 3 weight percent sodium bicarbonate, from about 1 to about 99% weight percent propylene glycol, and water. According to a particularly preferred embodiment of the invention, a topical medicament is provided that comprises about 1.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate in about 50 weight percent distilled water, and about 50 weight percent propylene glycol. An alternate preferred embodiment of the invention has from about 0.1 to about 0.5 weight percent menthol added to the solution. Menthol is a differential anesthetic with a pleasing odor and gives a sensation of coolness to increase the therapeutic effect. </SPEC><CLAIM>I claim: 1. 1. A topical analgesic composition consisting essentially of water, about 0.25 to about 3 weight percent sodium bicarbonate, and about 1 to about 99 weight percent of a non-toxic water-soluble or water-miscible transdermal carrier selected from the group consisting of propylene glycol, polyethylene glycol, sorbitol, and glycerin, said weight percentages being based on the weight of the composition as a whole and said three essential ingredients making up at least about 99.5 weight percent of said composition. 2. 2. A composition according to claim 1 containing about 1 to about 50 eight percent of said transdermal carrier. 3. 3. A composition according to claim 2 containing about about 1 to about 3 weight percent sodium bicarbonate. 4. 4. A composition according to claim 1 wherein said transdermal carrier is propylene glycol. 5. 5. A composition according to claim 4 containing about 1 to about 50 weight percent propylene glycol. 6. 6. A composition according to claim 5 containing about about 1 to about 3 weight percent sodium bicarbonate. 7. 7. A composition according to claim 6 containing about 50 weight percent propylene glycol. 8. 8. A composition according to claim 7 containing about 1.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate. 9. 9. A composition according to claim 4 containing about 1 to about 25 weight percent propylene glycol. 10. 10. A method for treating the pain associated with sore muscles, arthritis, tendinitis, and bursitis comprising applying to the affected area an effective amount of a topical analgesic composition consisting essentially of water, about 0.25 to about 3 weight percent sodium bicarbonate, and about 1 to about 99 weight percent of a non-toxic water-soluble or water-miscible transdermal carrier selected from the group consisting of propylene glycol, polyethylene glycol, sorbitol, and glycerin, said weight percentages being based on the weight of the composition as a whole and said three essential ingredients making up at least about 99.5 weight percent of said composition. 11. 11. A method according to claim 10 wherein said transdermal carrier is propylene glycol. 12. 12. A method according to claim 11 wherein said composition contains about 50 percent propylene glycol. 13. 13. A method according to claim 12 wherein said composition contains about 1.5 weight percent sodium bicarbonate.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176919</DOCNO><APP-NO>585731</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19900920</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176919</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K 37/22</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424450</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>21786 A/89	19890921	IT</PRIORITY><CITATION>4169204/19790900	4284569/19810800	4304722/19811200	4313881/19820200	4313882/19820200	4313883/19820200	4399146/19830800	4412071/19831000	4434295/19840200	4438274/19840300	4454152/19840600	4540798/19850900	4542228/19850900	4937078/19900600</CITATION><INVENTOR>Bertini Curri; Sergio<tab>Bombardelli; Ezio</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Indena, S.p.A.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Pharmaceutical compositions having activity on the cutaneous microcirculation</TITLE><ABST>Pharmaceutical and cosmetic compositions comprising extracts of Ammi visnaga and Ammi majus or the vasoactive agents contained therein are described.</ABST><SPEC>EXAMPLE 1 Extemporaneous preparation of an aqueous microdispersion of visnadine with pure soy-bean phosphatidylcholine 100 g of visnadine are dissolved together with 400 g of pure soy-bean phosphatidylcholine in 1 l of methylene chloride; the solvent is evaporated under vacuum and the syrupy residue is dispersed in 5 l of water in a high speed turboemulsifier under strong stirring for 5 h; 200 g of mannitol are then added and the mixture is distributed in 10 ml vials and lyophilized. This lyophilized material, suspended in 5 ml of water, is directly applied on the cutis to be treated. EXAMPLE 2 Preparation of an Ammi visnaga extract with high visnadine titer. 100 Kg of finely ground blossoming tops of the plant are placed in a 400 l extractor suited for the use of gases in hypercritic conditions; the plant material is extracted with carbon dioxide for 1 h at 35.degree. C. and under a pressure of 100 bar to remove the undesired fatty substances; after elimination of the extract from the condenser, the extraction with carbon dioxide is continued at 45.degree. C. and 180 bar for 3 h or until complete extraction of visnadine from the plant material. The obtained extract (3.4 kg) may be directly used or it may be subjected to purification by partition between immiscible solvents according to the methods of Example 3. EXAMPLE 3 Preparation of visnadine from lipophilic extracts containing it obtained according to Example 2 2.5 Kg of lipophilic extract prepared according to Example 2 are dissolved in 25 l of 95% aqueous methanol and thoroughly extracted with 20 1 of n-hexane until complete extraction of the extractable undesired material; the pooled hexane extracts are counter-washed with 5 l of 95% methanol which are added to the previous methanol phase. The methanol solution is concentrated under vacuum up 10 l and the concentrate is diluted with an equal volume of water; the obtained suspension is counter-extracted with n-hexane until complete extraction of visnadine. After addition of a 3% proportion of ethanol, the hexane solution is concentrated resulting in crystallization of the desired product which exhibits spectroscopic and physico-chemical characteristics equivalent to those described in literature. EXAMPLE 4 Lotion for the treatment of hair scalp. ______________________________________ 100 g of composition contain: ______________________________________ Visnadine 2 g Soy-bean phosphatidylcholine (96%) 4 g Softigen .RTM. 727 25 g Volpo .RTM. 20 7 g Octylinone 0.1 g Imidazolidinylurea 0.3 g Purified water q.s. to 100 g ______________________________________ EXAMPLE 5 Gel containing as active principle a mixture of visnadine and kelline ______________________________________ 100 g of gel contain: ______________________________________ Visnadine 1 g Kelline 0.5 g Softigen .RTM. 727 25 g Volpo .RTM. 20 7 g Carbopol .RTM. 934 1.5 g Triethanolamine 1 g Imidazolidinylurea 0.3 g Purified water q.s. to 100 g ______________________________________ CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY INVESTIGATIONS Investigation A The sphygmic activity of small arteries and arterioles of the subpapillary plexus and the cutaneous temperature of the fingertip were determined quantitatively in 30 healthy subjects (divided in two groups A and B) by using computerized infra-red photo-pulse plethysmography (i.r.Ph.P.P.) and direct cutaneous thermometry respectively. The same measurements were repeated at 15, 30, 45 and 60 minutes after the epicutaneous application of a visnadine formulation (prepared according to Example 1) in group A and placebo in group B. The application was always followed by a light massage until complete penetration of the product had been achieved. As indicated by the data shown in Table 1, the preparation described in Example 1 induces a statistically significant increase in the arterial/arteriolar sphygmic activity as compared to baseline conditions. This, in turn, determines an increase in volume and velocity of the microcirculatory flow directed to the capillary networks located downstream, with consequent elevation of the cutaneous temperature without reddening and without active hyperemia. The placebo was found to be totally inactive. TABLE 1 ______________________________________ Arterial/Arteriolar sphygmic activity Baseline After treatment Case Second Third Fourth Second Third Fourth n.degree. finger finger finger finger finger finger ______________________________________ 1 56.81 112.33 88.12 218.25 111.25 135.50 2 152.00 77.68 34.40 269.33 182.00 138.80 3 178.50 146.20 114.50 54.33 141.75 116.00 4 23.40 16.75 32.00 31.16 46.75 110.00 5 59.90 31.20 40.00 105.10 120.00 100.60 6 50.80 34.30 17.25 76.50 164.50 133.60 mean 86.902 69.743 54.378 125.778 127.708* 122.417* +/- SD 50.458 40.815 31.297 74.392 65.275 59.549 ______________________________________ Significance level (Baseline vs Q36) ______________________________________ 2.degree. finger t-Student = -0.963 N.S. p &lt; 0.618 3.degree. finger t-Student = -2.473 p &lt; 0.056* 4.degree. finger t-Student = -4.003 p &lt; 0.011* ______________________________________ Cutaneous temperature Baseline After treatment Case Second Third Fourth Second Third Fourth n.degree. finger finger finger finger finger finger ______________________________________ 1 30.590 30.290 27.910 30.230 30.490 31.560 2 30.450 31.870 26.000 31.200 31.530 32.570 3 30.300 32.830 26.900 30.904 32.220 32.950 4 27.300 24.970 26.830 32.520 31.500 34.210 5 26.180 24.300 24.460 32.560 31.440 34.590 6 25.740 24.010 23.300 32.840 32.050 34.990 mean 28.427 28.045 25.900 31.715* 31.538 33.478* +/- SD 13.769 13.668 12.534 15.327 15.237 16.183 ______________________________________ Significance level (Baseline vs. Q36) ______________________________________ 2.degree. finger t-Student = -2.438 p &lt; 0.058* 3.degree. finger t-Student = -2.068 N.S. p &lt; 0.092 4.degree. finger t-Student = -6.387 p &lt; 0.002* ______________________________________ These data indicate that, surprisingly, visnadine: Acts selectively on the small arteries and arterioles of the cutaneous microcirculation; Increases the volume of blood in the capillaries and opens to blood flow previously closed vessels in capillary networks. This results in increased cutaneous temperature and enhanced trophic exchanges even in normal, healthy subjects; Is active by direct topical epicutaneous application to the desired site of action at dosages much lower than those used by the oral route. In addition, the effects of topical epicutaneously applied visnadine are surprisingly more rapid and can be demonstrated readily by instrument-based measurements, as opposed to the situation observed after oral administration of doses at least 50-fold greater. Investigation B The arterial/arteriolar sphygmic activity of the fingertip and the cutaneous temperature under baseline conditions and after immersion of the right hand in an ice-water bath for 4 minutes ("cold test") were determined in healthy subjects divided into two groups (group A and group B) as in investigation A. The skin of the fingers and of the palmar and dorsal surface of the hand was treated with a visnadine preparation or with placebo as described in Example 1 and investigation A. Continuous computerized recordings of arterial/arteriolar sphygmic activity and of cutaneous temperature were made as in investigation A until all values had returned to baseline conditions, and the required time (in minutes) was calculated. The results of this investigation clearly show that epicutaneous treatment with the preparation described in Example 1 causes a statistically significant reduction of the time required for flow conditions to return to baseline, while placebo treatment is without effect. These results demonstrate that visnadine: After topical epicutaneous application, counteracts rapidly and effectively the vasoconstriction and the associated decrease in arterial/arteriolar sphygmic activity which follow exposure to cold ("cold test") in healthy subjects; Potently antagonizes at microcirculatory level the cold-induced ischemia of the tissue; May be used for the topical epicutaneous treatment of functional or organic peripheral vascular acrosyndromes due to microangiopathies and/or histangiopathies and characterized by hypoxic episodes affecting the extremities, secondary to abnormal cold-induced vasoconstriction and deficiency of the mechanisms regulating the local microcirculatory flow; After topical epicutaneous application with an adequate vehicle, counteracts the physiological cold-induced vasoconstriction at very low doses. Investigation C Investigation C was performed in subjects with venous stasis and/or chronic venous insufficiency of the lower limbs and functional-anatomic alterations of the cutaneous arterial/arteriolar afferrents. The subjects were divided into two groups (group A and group B) as in investigation A. The filling time of the superficial venous plexus of the dorsum of the foot was recorded in these subjects by means of light reflectance rheography before and after 15 timed rhythmical flexion-extension movements of the foot. The profile of the resulting recording represents a mirror image of the venous pressure in the system. These measurements were repeated by using the same procedure after 3 weeks of epicutaneous treatment with a visnadine preparation of the type described in Example 1 or in Example 5. The preparation was applied twice daily over the entire surface of the lower limb, including the thigh. The experimental protocol was carried out according to a placebo-controlled, double-blind design. The arterial/arteriolar sphygmic activity of the subpapillary plexus of the supra-lateral region of the thigh was recorded in parallel by means of computerized infra-red plethysmography. The results of this investigation indicate that the filling time of the superficial cutaneous venous plexus of the pretibial region is clearly prolonged in subjects treated with visnadine as compared to those treated with placebo, which is on the contrary without effect. Moreover, in visnadine-treated subject the sphygmic activity of the small arteries and arterioles of the subpapillary plexus of the supralateral region of the thigh increases by more than 50% compared to baseline conditions, with a clear-cut improvement in local microcirculatory flow. The subjects treated with the active preparation show an appreciable subjective improvement in the feeling of leg heaviness, paresthesiae and frequency of diurnal and nocturnal muscle cramps. The instrument-based findings demonstrate that: In the presence of capillaro-venular stasis causing a slowing and a pathological alteration of the microvascular-tissue exchanges, low dosages of topical epicutaneously applied visnadine are surprisingly effective in increasing the velocity and volume of the cutaneous microcirculatory flow, thus counteracting the blood stasis; Topically applied visnadine is effective in reducing the microcirculatory stasis and the capillaro-venular dilation typically associated with stasis conditions and/or chronic venous insufficiency. Surprisingly, this activity is already observed at very low doses compared with those used by the oral route. The rapid onset of activity and the efficacy of this treatment can be documented by instrument-based observations and are statistically significant as compared to placebo. Investigation D Investigation D was performed in a group of male subjects with alopecia areata. The local microcirculatory conditions in the scalp area affected by the disease were evaluated by means of high-resolution contact thermometry and infra-red photo-plethysmography before and 60 minutes after the application of a hair lotion containing visnadine prepared according to Example 4. The instrument-based findings demonstrate that: Topical epicutaneous application of visnadine over the areas of alopecia is effective in increasing arterial/arteriolar sphygmic activity and cutaneous temperature. These effects are associated with an increase in volume/minute and velocity of microcirculatory flow, resulting in improved perfusion of the hair follicle; Visnadine does not cause reddening secondary to cutaneous vasodilation, unlike other drugs or compounds which induce scalp hyperemia and reduce at the same time the volume of the local microcirculatory flow; The vehicle (especially phospholipidic liposomes) exerts surprisingly an antiseborrheic action and reduces the lipid content of greasy hair. This allows a drastic reduction of the weekly frequency of the required hair washings; The dose of visnadine which is active on the scalp microcirculation is much lower than those used orally for the vasodilating treatment of arterial diseases and/or coronary heart disease; The action of the compound is exerted essentially by the topical route in the presence of an appropriate (preferably liposomal) vehicle. Investigation E Two groups of patients (group A and group B) with primary or secondary Raynaud's phenomenon were treated topically by epicutaneous application with an active preparation (prepared as described in Examples 1 and 5) or with placebo according to a double-blind design. At baseline and after 30 days of treatment the patients were evaluated clinically and instrumentally by means of impedance plethysmography performed on the second, third and fourth finger of both hands. The data obtained in this investigation indicate that the epicutaneous treatment with the active preparation induces an appreciable clinical improvement which was rated as "excellent" in 43% of the cases and "good" in 26% of the cases. The placebo preparation was found to be ineffective. The instrument-based data indicate that the sphygmic waves of the arteries in the fingertip of treated fingers exhibit after treatment a statistically significant increase in amplitude as compared to placebo. The clinical and instrument-based findings demonstrate that: When applied topically over the extremities of limbs affected by pathological ischemic conditions or arterial/arteriolar spasms causing capillary hypovolemia, visnadine induces a statistically significant improvement of clinical symptoms and instrument-based measurements. These effects are surprisingly already seen at dosages which are 30 to 50-fold lower than those used for the oral treatment of "arteritis", e.g. for their action at the level of large and medium sized arteries. The vehicle used to facilitate the penetration across the epidermal barrier is preferably liposomal; After topical "transepidermal" administration in pathological conditions (functional spasms of the microcirculation), visnadine exerts an hyperactivating action on the microcirculatory flow which is identical to that observed and documented in the "cold test" performed in healthy subjects (investigation B). The present invention concerns pharmaceutical and cosmetic compositions comprising extracts of Ammi visnaga and Ammi majus or the vasoactive agents contained therein, particularly visnadine, kelline and other coumarins and flavoncoumarols. The compositions of the invention are useful for the topical, epicutaneous treatment of pathological or paraphysiological conditions of the skin and of the adnexa thereof, characterized by functional or organic deficiencies of the local microcirculation associated with ischemia, stasis and trophic disturbances secondary to impaired microvascular-tissue relationships. The therapeutic use of extracts of Ammi visnaga and Ammi majus or of active constituents thereof is already known, particularly in the cardiological field for the treatment of ischemic cardiopathies, namely of anginous attacks and of chronic-degenerative myocardial diseases. More recently, it has been reported that some dihydropyranocoumarins and dihydrofuranocoumarins are endowed with platelet anti-aggregant activity similar to that of dipyridamol; this could lead to their therapeutic uses as anti-thrombotic agents and cyclic AMP-phosphodiesterase inhibitors. Some derivatives of visnaginone and of kellinone were reported to be endowed with antibacterial and anti-helmintic activity. High oral doses of visnadine have been used by BENSIMON (G.M. de France, Tome 77, No. 29, 1970, 6269-6275) and by GOURNAY (G.M. de France, Tome 78, No. 3, 1971, 390-391) in the treatment of peripheral arteriopathies affecting large arterial vessels. The results of said studies show that: the compound is not convenient to use, it asks for high daily doses, it must be administered for prolonged periods and produces favourable responses in an unsatisfactorily low proportion of patients. Moreover, the administration of these high dosages for long periods is associated with remarkable side-effects, especially gastric disturbances, insomnia and paresthesiae which may even require discontinuation of the therapy. The available knowledge refers only to the treatment of disorders affecting large arteries and of pathological conditions of peripheral vascular diseases secondary to occlusion of large arterial vessels, without any mention of a possible effect of the compound on the microcirculation and on the smallest arterial/arteriolar vessels at precapillary level, with particular reference to the cutaneous circulation. It has now been found according to the present invention that the extracts of Ammi visnaga and Ammi majus containing visnadine and/or coumarins as well as visnadine-like flavoncoumarols and visnadine itself in purified form, have the following properties: a) they are not "vasodilators" and therefore they do not inhibit the tonus and the sphygmic activity of the muscular media in medium-sized or large arteries. By contrast, they exert a marked stimulatory effect on microvascular motility and on the sphygmic activity of the smooth muscle constituents of the media of small arteries and precapillary arterioles. The supposed "vasodilator effect" is only a consequence of substantial modifications in the microcirculatory haemodynamics; b) their biological effect is therefore mainly at microcirculatory level. These agents act in fact on small arteries and precapillary arterioles and determine as an immediate haemodynamic consequence increase of the volume and of the blood flow-rate in capillary network: the tissue oxygenation increases and the trophic exchanges are enhanced; c) they are highly effective in antagonizing the vasal spasm induced by cold, particularly in the circulation of the fingertip. The invention refers therefore to pharmaceutical and cosmetic compositions comprising extracts of Ammi visnaga and Ammi majus containing visnadine and/or visnadine-like coumarins and flavoncoumarols, or visnadine itself in purified form, for the therapeutic treatment by the topical epicutaneous route of peripheral vascular acrosyndromes, particularly of Raynaud's disease and of local perfusion deficiencies of the upper and lower limbs, and for the cosmetic treatment of defects due to insufficient blood perfusion of the skin and of the subcutaneous adipose tissue, particularly for the treatment of precocious senile involution of the face and neck skin, cellulitis, cutaneous stretch marks, alopecias and similar conditions. The epicutaneous administration is not only surprisingly more active and effective but it is also practically devoid of side-effects such as those described for the oral administration of high doses. The active and effective doses by topical epicutaneous route are by far lower, up to 50 times, than that used for the oral route and the time necessary for the onset of the biological effect, which may be measured by means of instrumental methods, is of some hours whereas the oral route asks for days or months. The pharmaceutical or cosmetic compositions of the invention may be prepared using known methods and excipients, such as those disclosed in "Remington's Pharmaceutical Sciences Handbook" Mack Pub. Co., NY, USA. Examples of suitable formulations include creams, ointments, gel, lotions containing from 1 to 5% of visnadine or the equivalent of extracts or of visnadine-like compounds (visnaginone, kelline, kellinone, coumarins, dihydropyranocoumarins or dihydrofuranocoumarins derived from plants of the Ammi genus). These formulations may be applied on the skin so as to cover the area to be treated once or more times a day. It is particularly preferred to use a carrier suited for the absorption through the epidermal barrier. Liposomal carriers obtainable from lecithins, unsaturated or saturated phosphatidylcholine or other conventional phospholipids are particularly preferred. The Ammi extracts may be obtained according to known methods, such as those disclosed in the following Examples wherein specific reference is made to visnadine. It is however apparent that all the above cited extracts containing visnadine or the above cited visnadine-like compounds contained in plants of the Ammi genus may be used in substitution of or in combination with visnadine, in any quantitative ratio. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A topical composition for the treatment of insufficient peripheral perfusion comprising an amount of visnadine effective to treat insufficient peripheral perfusion in combination with a topically acceptable carrier. 2. 2. The composition according to claim 1 wherein the carrier is a topically acceptable liposomal carrier. 3. 3. The composition according to claim 2 wherein the liposomal carrier comprises a phospholipid. 4. 4. The composition according to claim 3 wherein the phospholipid is a phosphatidylcholine. 5. 5. The composition according to claim 1 wherein the composition is a cream, ointment, gel or lotion. 6. 6. A method of treating insufficient peripheral perfusion comprising the topical application of a composition comprising an amount of visnadine effective to treat insufficient peripheral perfusion in combination with a topically acceptable carrier. 7. 7. The method according to claim 6 wherein the carrier is a topically acceptable liposomal carrier. 8. 8. The method according to claim 7 wherein the liposomal carrier comprises a phospholipid. 9. 9. The method according to claim 8 wherein the phospholipid is a phosphatidylcholine. 10. 10. The method according to claim 6 wherein the composition is a cream, ointment, gel or lotion.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176921</DOCNO><APP-NO>350335</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19890511</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176921</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A61K 35/14</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>424529</PRI-USPC><CITATION>3874384/19750400	4112070/19780900	4124598/19781100	4160204/19790900	4321919/19820300	4327086/19820400	4568542/19860200	4572899/19860200	4595653/19860600	4695460/19870900	4748120/19880500</CITATION><INVENTOR>Wiesehahn; Gary P.<tab>Corash; Laurence</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Diamond Scientific Co.<tab>University of California</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Method of blood component decontamination by glucose addition</TITLE><ABST>Biological compositions are freed of functional polynucletides by treatment of the biological composition with psoralen derivatives under irradiation conditions in which the proteins retain their original physiological activities and any polynucleotide present is rendered inactive. More specifically blood components are decontaminated of viruses by the addition of psoralen and irradiation and thereafter adding glucose.</ABST><SPEC>EXAMPLES OF IMPROVED METHOD OF PLATELET DECONTAMINATION A series of experiments was performed to determine inactivation conditions which would minimize damage to platelets. In these experiments, platelet concentrates were treated under various conditions and stored at room temperature for 96 hrs following treatment. The platelet integrity was assessed by pH measurement and morphology evaluation at 24 hr intervals. As shown in Table 3, UVA irradiation for 10 hrs can be deleterious to platelets. The pH of the treated platelets fell from 7.31 to 6.83 immediately following treatment while the pH of the control remained essentially unchanged. Prolonged storage (72 hrs) of treated platelets resulted in a drop of pH to 5.69. A platelet pH within the range of 6.7 to 7.4 is consistent with healthy platelets without a significant lactic acid build up. In an attempt to reduce platelet injury during UVA irradiation, any possible short wavelength UV was blocked by irradiating through .theta. inch-thick acrylic sheets. Apparently, the platelet damage was not due to short wavelength UV. With irradiation in the presence of acrylic filters, the pH of the treated platelets dropped just as much (7.31 to 5.67) as without filters within 72 hrs following treatment. Furthermore, flushing with N.sub.2 did not protect platelets from injury due to 10-hr UVA irradiation, as judged by the pH decrease (7.28 to 5.73). Accordingly, as shown in Table 4, the morphology score of 10 hr-UVA treated platelets dropped drastically from 360 to 98-103 72 hrs following treatment, while the control platelets had scores above 200 after 96 hrs of storage. The platelet damage due to UVA irradiation alone is proportional to the UVA irradiation time. By shortening the irradiation time to 6 hrs, the pH of the treated platelets remained essentially unchanged (7.2 to 7.50) immediately following treatment. Long term storage resulted in a decrease from 7.52 to 6.26. Irradiation under N.sub.2 appeared to be advantageous for the shorter time of UVA irradiation. As shown in Table 3, the final pH after 96 hrs of storage is 6.96 if platelet concentrates were irradiated for 6 hrs under N.sub.2. Accordingly, the morphology scores (Table 4) for the 6 hr-UVA treated platelets were above 200 even after 96 hrs of storage. These scores are comparable to those of the untreated control platelets. Addition of 8-MOP to the irradiation system had essentially no effect on the pH of the platelet concentrates. As shown in Table 3, 6 hrs of irradiation under N.sub.2 with 300 ug/ml of 8-MOP resulted in the pH drop from 7.55 to 6.89 after 96 hrs of storage. This is comparable to the pH change obtained in the absence of 8-MOP (7.54 to 6.96). Furthermore, UVA irradiation in the presence of 8-MOP has minimal additional effect on the morphology scores of treated platelets (Table 4). Thus it was concluded that UVA irradiation does have an effect on platelet concentrates. The effect could be minimized by irradiating in the substantial absence of oxygen. In this improved process additional measures are taken to provide further protection for treated platelets from damage occurring during UVA irradiation and subsequent storage. Glucose is added in these examples to a final concentration of 1 mg/ml to treated platelet concentrates at the end of the treatment. As shown in Table 3, this appeared to have an effect on maintaining the pH of platelet concentrates above 7.0 upon prolonged storage The final pH after 96 hrs of storage following treatment was 7.11. In yet another improvement, since flushing with N.sub.2 for 6.5 hrs resulted in an increase of 0.22 to 0.51 units in pH of treated platelet concentrates, the pH of the treated platelet concentrates can be brought back to its initial value by exchanging the N.sub.2 with air. This was accomplished by flushing with 2 psi of air for an hour immediately following treatment. As shown in Table 3, the final pH of treated platelets after 96 hrs of storage was 7.15. Since both the glucose addition and air exchange had a positive effect on maintaining the pH of treated platelets upon storage without lowering their morphology scores (Table 4), these measures can be adopted as routine procedures for an improved photochemical decontamination protocol. Finally, in order to eliminate the pH increase due to N.sub.2 flushing during UVA irradiation, flushing with 2 psi of 5% CO.sub.2 mixed with N.sub.2 was tried. As shown in Table 3, the pH of treated platelet concentrates was 7.38 immediately following treatment and was 7.40 24 hrs thereafter. Furthermore, the pH was maintained at 7.30 even after 96 hrs of storage. The morphology scores (Table 4) of treated platelets were comparable to those of untreated control platelets. Therefore, subsequent experiments were carried out by flushing with 2 psi of 5% CO.sub.2 and 95% N.sub.2. UVA-irradiation under 5% CO.sub.2 and 95% N.sub.2 appeared to allow longer irradiation time with maintenance of an acceptable solution pH. Data presented in Tables 3 and 4 shows that after 8 to 10 hrs of irradiation under 5% CO.sub.2, the pH of treated platelet concentrates was maintained above 7.0 even after 48 hrs of storage, and the morphology scores were comparable to those of the control sample even at T72. TABLE 3 __________________________________________________________________________ Summary of Extracellular pH of Platelet Concentrates Treated Under Various Conditions pH 8-MOP glucose air TO TE T24 T48 T72 T96 __________________________________________________________________________ Control - - - 7.54 7.56 7.59 7.61 7.65 7.69 10 hr-UVA - - - 7.31 6.83 6.21 5.72 5.69 N.D. 10 hr-UVA + acrylic - - - 7.31 6.80 6.24 5.75 5.67 N.D. 10 hr-UVA + N.sub.2 - - - 7.28 7.50 6.55 5.85 5.73 N.D. 6 hr-UVA - - - 7.52 7.50 7.28 6.89 6.59 6.26 6 hr-UVA + N.sub.2 - - - 7.54 7.93 7.41 7.26 7.12 6.96 6 hr-UVA + N.sub.2 + - - 7.55 7.94 7.38 7.27 7.10 6.89 6 hr-UVA + N.sub.2 + + - 7.52 8.03 7.43 7.26 7.20 7.11 6 hr-UVA + N.sub.2 + + + 7.52 8.01 7.46 7.32 7.23 7.15 6 hr-UVA + CO.sub.2 + N.sub.2 + + + 7.52 7.38 7.40 7.43 7.44 7.30 8 hr-UVA + CO.sub.2 + N.sub.2 + + + 7.48 7.26 7.35 7.16 N.D. 6.65 10 hr-UVA + CO.sub.2 + N.sub.2 + + + 7.56 7.27 7.34 7.15 6.95 6.61 __________________________________________________________________________ 8-MOP was used at a final concentration of 300 .mu.g/ml. Glucose was adde at the completion of the treatment to a final concentration of 1 mg/ml. All gas flushing was done at 2 psi. TO = beginning of the treatment time. Time of treatment for different experiments is specified in the first column. TE = immediately after the end of treatment. T24, T48, T72 and T9 = 24 hrs, 48 hrs, 72 hrs, and 96 hrs after the beginning of the treatment UVA = irradiation under UVA la mps (peak spectral output from 340 to 380 nm) at an intensity of 3.5-4.8 mW/cm.sup.2. N.sub.2 = 100% N.sub.2 compressed gas (Liquid Carbonics, San Carlos, CA). CO.sub.2 + N.sub.2 = 5 CO.sub.2 : 95% N.sub.2 custommixed compressed gas (Liquid Carbonics, San Carlos, CA). acrylic = 1/4 inch thick sheet of polyacrylate plastic (TAP Plastics, San Leandro, CA). air = flushing at 2 psi with compressed air. N.D. = not determined. TABLE 4 __________________________________________________________________________ Summary of Morphology Scores of Platelet Concentrates Treated Under Various Conditions Morphology Scores 8-MOP glucose air TO TE T24 T48 T72 T96 __________________________________________________________________________ Control - - - 308 265 247 217 210 218 10 hr-UVA - - - N.D. N.D. 189 130 103 N.D. 10 hr-UVA + acrylic - - - N.D. N.D. 217 145 98 N.D. 10 hr-UVA + N.sub.2 - - - 360 N.D. 217 94 103 N.D. 6 hr-UVA - - - 347 294 269 N.D. 271 211 6 hr-UVA + N.sub.2 - - - 320 266 255 237 230 214 6 hr-UVA + N.sub.2 + - - 309 245 267 236 234 234 6 hr-UVA + N.sub.2 + + - 347 275 276 N.D. 290 234 6 hr-UVA + N.sub.2 + + + 347 276 280 N.D. 250 232 6 hr-UVA + CO.sub.2 + N.sub.2 + + + 264 N.D. 226 273 218 212 8 hr-UVA + CO.sub.2 + N.sub.2 + + + 264 N.D. 200 228 N.D. 190 10 hr-UVA + CO.sub.2 + N.sub.2 + + + 276 N.D. 242 220 219 202 __________________________________________________________________________ 8-MOP was used at a final concentration of 300 .mu.g/ml. Glucose was adde at the completion of the treatment to a final concentration of 1 mg/ml. All gas flushing was done at 2 psi. TO = beginning of the treatment time. Time of treatment for different experiments is specified in the first column. TE = immediately after the end of treatment. T24, T48, T72 and T9 = 24 hrs, 48 hrs, 72 hrs, and 96 hrs after the beginning of the treatment UVA = irradiation under UVA la mps (peak spectral output from 340 to 380 nm) at an intensity of 3.5-4.8 mW/cm.sup.2. N.sub.2 = 100% N.sub.2 compressed gas (Liquid Carbonics, San Carlos, CA). CO.sub.2 + N.sub.2 = 5 CO.sub.2 : 95% N.sub.2 custommixed compressed gas (Liquid Carbonics, San Carlos, CA). acrylic = 1/4 inch thick sheet of polyacrylate plastic (TAP Plastics, San Leandro, CA). air = flushing at 2 psi with compressed air. N.D. = not determined. Although the foregoing invention has been described in some detail by way of illustration and example for purposes of clarity of understanding, it will be obvious that certain changes and modifications may be practiced within the scope of the appended claims. 72 164915 19880307 81 928841 19861020 01 4748120 81 490681 19830502 03 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention Recipients of blood and blood components risk acquiring infections from foreign biological organisms, either pre-existing in the blood at the time of collection or transmitted to the blood product during manipulation. Medical personnel who are in contact with collected human blood or clinical samples also have a significant chance of being exposed to potentially lethal blood-borne or sample-borne biological organisms. Blood components today are obtained from blood donors and frequently involve pooled lots, where one or more of the donors may be harboring a viral, bacterial or other infection. Since the blood or blood components are required to provide physiological functions in a mammalian host, normally a human host, these functions must not be impaired by the decontamination treatment of the biological composition. In addition, the blood or blood components may not be modified in such a way as to make them immunogenic which could result in an adverse immune response Finally, any treatment should not leave residues or products detrimental to the health of the host or such residues or products should be readily removable. 2. Description of the Prior Art U.S. Pat. No. 4,327,086 describes the method for heat treating an aqueous solution containing human blood coagulation factor XIII. U.S. Pat. No. 4,321,919 proposes extracorporeal treatment of human blood with 8-methoxypsoralen (8-MOP). Hyde and Hearst, Biochemistry (1978) 17:1251-1257, describe the binding of two psoralen derivatives to DNA and chromatin. Musajo et al., Experientia (1965) XXI, 22-24, describe photo-inactivation of DNA-containing viruses with photosensitizing furocoumarins. U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,350,594, 4,348,283 and 4,350,156 describe filtration methods for selective removal of blood components based on molecular weight. U.S. Pat. No. 4,329,986 describes extracorporeal treatment of blood with a chemotherapeutic agent which is subsequently removed by dialysis. The July/August 1982 issue of Genetic Engineering News proposed the use of psoralens to sterilize "clinical or commercial reagents or instruments." Some data showing substantial impairment of the biological function of certain enzyme proteins using furocoumarins are published in the scientific literature (see for example, Veronese, F.M. et al., Photochem. Photobiol. 34:351 (1981); Veronese, F.M. et al., Photochem. Photobiol. 36:25 (1982). SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Compositions for use in mammalian hosts may be decontaminated by treatment by furocoumarins and long wavelength ultraviolet (UVA) light. In this improved process, immediately following the decontamination, particularly of blood platelets, glucose is added and a post-decontamination gassing may also be employed in order to minimize risk of damage to blood platelets. DESCRIPTION OF THE SPECIFIC EMBODIMENTS In accordance with the subject invention, compositions to be employed with mammalian hosts, which may harbor polynucleotides capable of detrimental physiological effects in a host, are combined with furocoumarin compositions and treated with UVA light under predetermined conditions, whereby the physiological activities of the non-nucleic acid components are retained. (Whenever the term "polynucleotide" is used in this application it should be understood to mean: (1) microorganisms containing nucleic acids (either DNA or RNA), (2) nucleic acid genomes or sub-genomic fragments from microorganisms, from procaryotes or from eucaryotes, or (3) any other nucleic acid fragments.) In decontaminating the biological composition, an aqueous medium containing the biological preparation is combined with an appropriate amount of the furocoumarin composition and irradiated with ultraviolet light under conditions where all of the polynucleotide is inactivated, while the components other than nucleic acid retain their normal physiological activities. Various biological compositions may be employed, particularly protein compositions involving blood or blood components. Whole blood, packed red cells, platelets, and plasma (fresh or fresh frozen plasma) are of interest. Other blood components of interest include plasma protein portion, antihemophilic factor (AHF, Factor VIII); Factor IX and Factor IX complex (Factors II, VII, IX and X); fibrinogens, Factor XIII, prothrombin and thrombin (Factor II and IIa); immunoglobulins (e.g., IgA, IgD, IgE, IgG and IgM and fragments thereof e.g. Fab, F(ab').sub.2, Fc); hyper-immune globulins as used against tetanus and hepatitis B; cryoprecipitate; albumin; interferons; lymphokines; transfer factors; etc. Other biological compositions include vaccines, recombinant DNA produced proteins, oligopeptide ligands, etc. The protein concentration in the aqueous medium will generally range from about 1 ug/ml to 1 gm/ml, more usually from about 1 mg/ml to 100 mg/ml. The pH will normally be close to physiologic pH (7.4), generally in the range of about 6 to 9, more usually about 7. Other components may be present in the medium, such as salts, additives, buffers, stabilizers, or the like. These components will be conventional components, which will be added for specific functions. The furocoumarins will include psoralen and derivatives, where the substituents will be: alkyl, particularly of from 1 to 3 carbon atoms, e.g. methyl; alkoxy, particularly of from 1 to 3 carbon atoms, e.g. methoxy; and substituted alkyl, of 1 to 6, more usually 1 to 3 carbon atoms having from 1 to 2 heteroatoms, which will be oxy, particularly hydroxy or alkoxy of from 1 to 3 carbon atoms, e.g. hydroxymethyl and methoxymethyl, or amino, including mono- and dialkyl amino having a total of from 1 to 6 carbon atoms, e.g. aminomethyl. There will be from 1 to 5, usually 2 to 4 substituents, which will normally be at the 4, 5, 8, 4' and 5' positions, particularly at the 4'-position. Illustrative compounds include 5-methoxypsoralen, 8-methoxypsoralen (8-MOP), 4, 5',8-trimethylpsoralen (TMP), 4'-hydroxymethyl-4,5'8-trimethylpsoralen (HMT), 4'-aminomethyl-4,5',8 -trimethylpsoralen (AMT), 4-methylpsoralen, 4,4'-dimethylpsoralen, 4,5'-dimethylpsoralen, 4',8-dimethylpsoralen, and 4'-methoxymethyl-4,5',8-trimethylpsoralen. The subject furocoumarins are active with a wide variety of viruses and other polynucleotides, DNA or RNA, whether single stranded or double stranded. Illustrative viruses include: adenovirus, arenavirus, bacteriophage, bunyavirus, herpesvirus, orthomyxovirus, papovavirus, paramyxovirus, picornavirus, poxvirus, reovirus, retrovirus, rhabdovirus, and togavirus. Additional pathogenic microorganisms include bacteria, chlamydia, mycoplasma, protozoa, rickettsia and other unicellular microorganisms. Furocoumarins are also effective in inactivating Hepatitis B, Non-A Non B Hepatitis, and AIDS viruses. This inactivation method may also be used against uncharacterized infectious agents which may contain nucleic acid. In addition to the furocoumarins, additives may be included which scavenge for singlet oxygen or other highly reactive oxygen containing species. Such additives include ascorbate, glutathione, sodium thionite, etc. In some instances these additives may have adverse efects, so that in each instance, their use will be determined empirically. Where such additives are present, they will be present in amounts ranging from about 20 ug to 20 mg per ml. While the process of the earlier applications, and in some instances patents, works satisfactorily it has been found that it can be improved. Particularly when blood platelets are deprived of oxygen, there is some risk of impairment of cellular respiration. Put another way, there is a risk of deprivation of the mitochondria of oxygen, causing decreased aerobic metabolism and a relative increase in glycalysis resulting in a build-up of lactic acid and a corresponding decrease of pH. As this pH drop occurs the platelets deteriorate. It has been found that two additional steps in the decontamination may be employed, either in combination or individually in order to minimize the risk of platelet deterioration. In particular, if one immediately follows the UVA irradiation with the addition of glucose, the damage to the blood components, and particularly to platelets is minimized. The range of glucose addition should be from about 100 ug/ml to about 100 mg/ml, preferably from about 300 ug./ml to about 1 mg/ml. When this occurs the evidence, as measured by pH data, shows a lack of any significant lactic acid buildup. The time of glucose addition can be immediately following the treatment up to about 5 hours after the treatment, preferably within the first hour after treatment. As an additional improvement step, platelet damage is further minimized if there is a post-decontamination gassing, preferably with room air. The gassing may also occur with a combination of oxygen mixed with nitrogen, argon or other inert gases. One satisfactory method involves flushing with 2 psi air for up to an hour immediately following treatment. The furocoumarins may be used individually or in combination. Each of the furocoumarins may be present in amounts ranging from about 0.01 ug/ml to 1 mg/ml, preferably from about 0.5 ug/ml to 100 ug/ml, there not being less than about 1 ug/ml nor more than about 1 mg/ml of furocoumarins. Various psoralen derivatives may be used, including but not limited to TMP, AMT, HMT, and 8-MOP. 8-MOP and TMP currently are FDA approved drugs for PUVA therapy in, for example, psoriasis. For this reason these compounds are preferred. In carrying out the invention, the furocoumarins may be added to the biological composition by any convenient means in a manner substantially assuring the uniform distribution of the furocoumarins in the composition. The composition may then be irradiated using UVA (320 nm to 400 nm) under conditions ensuring that the entire composition is exposed to sufficient irradiation, so that the furocoumarins may react with any polynucleotide present to inactivate the polynucleotide. Depending upon the nature of the medium, particularly its opacity, as in the case of blood, the depth of the solution subject to irradiation will vary widely. Usually, the depth will be not less than about 0.025 millimeter, but may be as much as a centimeter or more. With whole blood, the depth will generally range from about 0.025 millimeter to 2.5 millimeters. The light which is employed will generally have a wavelength in the range of about 300 nm to about 400 nm. The intensity will generally range from about 0.1 mW/cm.sup.2 to about 5 W/cm.sup.2. In order to prevent denaturation, the temperature should be maintained below about 60.degree. C., preferably below about 40.degree. C., usually from about -10.degree. C. to 30.degree. C. The medium being irradiated may be irradiated while still, stirred or circulated, and may either be continuously irradiated or be subject to alternating periods of irradiation and non-irradiation. The circulation may be in a closed loop system or it may be in a single pass system ensuring that all of the sample has been exposed to irradiation. The total time for irradiation will vary depending upon the nature of the sample, the furocoumarin derivative used, the intensity and spectral output of the light source and the nature of the polynucleotides which may be present. Usually, the time will be at least 1 min. and not more than about 24 hrs., more usually from about 15 mins. to about 6 hrs. When circulating the solution, the rate of flow will generally be in the range of about 0.1 ml/min to 50 liters/min. It may be desirable to remove the unexpended psoralen and/or its photobreakdown products from the irradiation mixture. This can be readily accomplished by centrifugation, dialysis across an appropriately sized membrane, or ultrafiltration through an appropriately sized hollow fiber system. It may be desirable in certain applications to remove bound or unbound furocoumarins using antibodies, including monoclonal antibodies, either in solution or attached to a substrate. The following examples are offered by way of illustration and not by way of limitation. EXPERIMENTAL The following experiments were performed in order to demonstrate the ability of the psoralen photoreaction to destroy microbial contaminants contained in whole blood and blood products. (1) Feline rhinotracheitis virus, a member of the herpesvirus family, was added to heparinized whole rabbit blood in an amount that would give a final concentration of approximately 2.times.10.sup.7 PFU/ml. 4'-hydroxymethyl-4,5',8-trimethylpsoralen (HMT) was added to a portion of the rabbit blood and aliquots were irradiated for various periods of time. To test for remaining live virus, duplicate plaque assays were performed using cultured feline cells (Fc3Tg) (ATCC CCL 176), with a methylcellulose overlay. Virus titers were obtained as the arithmetical mean of viral plaques observed in duplicate assay cultures 72 hours after exposure to test samples. The results are as follows: The blood aliquot that received HMT only and no irradiation gave a titer of 5.3.times.10.sup.6 PFU/ml. The aliquot that received HMT and five minutes of irradiation exhibited a titer of 4.5.times.10.sup.6 PFU/ml. In the aliquot that received psoralen plus one hour of irradiation there was no detectable live virus remaining. The sensitivity of this assay should have permitted detection of residual virus at titers 1.0.times.10.sup.1 PFU/ml. A blood sample which had received HMT and one hour of irradiation also showed no apparent damage to the red blood cells as judged by phase contrast microscope analysis and by absence of visible hemolysis. These data therefore demonstrate that high virus titers present in whole blood can be inactivated by psoralen plus light treatment which leaves the red cell component of the blood intact. (2) In the second experiment Blue Tongue Virus (Serotype 11), a member of the reovirus family, and Feline Rhinotracheitis Virus, and Simian Virus 40 were added to a solution of Profilate (a commercial preparation of human clotting factor VIII produced by Alpha Therapeutics). The lyophilized preparation of Profilate (180 units) was dissolved in 10 ml of sterile water included with the commercial preparation. This solution was further diluted with barbital buffer (11.75 g sodium barbital and 14.67 g NaCl dissolved in 2 liters of deionized water and filtered through a 0.22 micron filter) to a final concentration of 5 units per milliliter. One portion (2 ml) was set aside at room temperature in the dark. This was sample #1. A second 2 ml portion was pumped through the apparatus described below for 1 hour with irradiation. This was sample #2. Through addition of appropriate amounts of reagents a third 2 ml portion was adjusted to contain 10 ug/ml AMT and 10 ug/ml HMT and was also irradiated for 1 hour. This was sample #3. All the samples were kept at 20.degree. C. throughout the manipulations. The total elapsed time from dissolving of the lyophilized preparation to the completion of the clotting factor VIII assays was 6 and one-half hours. The clotting factor VIII assays were performed at a variety of dilutions (ranging from 1:5 to 1:100) for each sample and were compared with the activity in normal human serum and with pooled normal human serum. The results are summarized in Table 1. TABLE 1 ______________________________________ Effect of Photochemical Inactivation Procedure and Its Components* on in vitro Activity of Factor VIII+ Sample #1 #2 #3 F-, F-, F+, dilution normal pool UVA- UVA+ UVA+ ______________________________________ 1:5 97 108 225 150 186 1:10 102 102 245 155 186 1:20 93 92 280 176 196 1:50 101 95 265 190 232 1:100 -- 100 255 196 263 Average 98 99 254 173 213 ______________________________________ *F = Furocoumarin; UVA = long wavelength ultraviolet light; + Factor VIII activity expressed in % of normal activity. 100% = 1 U/ml of Factor VIII activity The sample that was subjected to the psoralen inactivation protocol (sample #3) retained 84% of the factor VIII activity that was present in the control sample (#1). This was higher than the product activity retained by the sample that was only irradiated (68% retained for sample #2) and indicates that the psoralen photochemistry has little or no effect on the activity of factor VIII. Samples otherwise identical to samples 1, 2, and 3 above were seeded with 2.times.10.sup.6 PFU/ml of Feline Rhinotracheitis Virus (FeRT), 1.times.10.sup.7 PFU/ml of Blue Tongue Virus (BTV), and 4.times.10.sup.8 PFU/ml of Simian Virus 40 (SV-40). Table 2 shows the results of the plaque assays on those samples. TABLE 2 ______________________________________ Effect of Photochemical Inactivation Procedure and its Components* on Infectivity of Virus in Factor VIII preparation.+ Sample 1 Sample 2 Sample 3 F-, UVA- F-, UVA+ F+, UVA+ ______________________________________ FeRT Titer 8.6 .times. 10.sup.5 3.5 .times. 10.sup.5 0.0 BTV Titer 3.8 .times. 10.sup.7 1.4 .times. 10.sup.7 1.1 .times. 10.sup.2 SV-40 Titer 2.5 .times. 10.sup.8 1.6 .times. 10.sup.8 1.2 .times. 10.sup.3 ______________________________________ *F = Furocoumarin; UVA = long wavelength ultraviolet light. + Infectivity determined by plaque assays in tissue culture. In the case of FeRT the number of detectable virus particles was reduced by more than five orders of magnitude to beneath the limit of detection in the plaque assay. The BTV infectivity was reduced by about five orders of magnitude to 110 PFU/ml. The SV40 infectivity was reduced to a titer of 1.2.times.10.sup.3. Thus, it is shown that multiple, widely distinct types of virus can be simultaneously inactivated by at least five orders of magnitude in the presence of factor VIII, using the simple, convenient, brief process described above, with retention of at least 84% of factor VIII activity. Based on the above observations, it is predictable that by extending, repeating or modifying the treatment, the probability of an infectious virus particle remaining can be reduced to an arbitrarily low value. In this manner suitable safety margins can be achieved for any of the cited applications. APPARATUS AND SYSTEM Since whole blood exhibits very high optical density for longwave UV light (absorption is high for visible light in the 400 nm to 500 nm range), the blood was irradiated through a suitably short optical path length In this experiment blood was pumped through polyethylene capillary tubing of 0.875 millimeter inside diameter. The tubing was coiled around a 1.27 centimeter diameter tube and immersed in water which was maintained at 18.degree. C. The blood was continuously circulated through the tubing by means of a peristaltic pump. The blood required aproximately 2.5 minutes for a complete cycle through the capillary tubing and was in the light beam for approximately 20% of the stated irradiation time. The light source was a low pressure mercury lamp filtered through a cobalt glass filter. The filter transmits light of approximately 320 nm-380 nm, with peak transmittance at 360 nm. The incident intensity at the sample was approximately 40 mW/cm.sup.2. It is evident from the above results, and in accordance with the subject invention, that polynucleotides in biochemical compositions can be inactivated to provide a safe composition for administration to a mammalian host. The proteins present in the composition retain their physiological activity, so that they can fulfill their physiological function in a mammalian host. The method is simple, rapid, and can be expanded to treat large samples The small amount of chemical reagent required will not generally be harmful to the host. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A method for decontaminating blood components suspected of containing viruses, said blood components being selected from the group consisting of red blood cells, platelets, blood clotting factors, plasma and immunoglobulins, without substantial impairment of the physiological activities of the treated blood components, said method comprising: (a) adding to a blood component selected from the group consisting of red blood cells, platelets, blood clotting factors, plasma and immunoglobulins at least one psoralen compound in an amount sufficient to inactivate substantially all contaminating viruses prevent; and thereafter (b) irradiating said psoralen treated blood component with long wavelength ultraviolet light under operating conditions which maintain the concentrations of reactive oxygen species at levels which do not substantially impair the physiological activity of the treated blood component, and wherein said irradiation is conducted for a time sufficient to inactivate substantially all contaminating viruses present; and thereafter (c) adding to said blood component glucose in a small but effective amount to minimize damage to said blood component. 2. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the amount of glucose added is from about 100 .mu.g/ml to about 10 mg/ml. 3. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein the amount of glucose added is from about 300 82 g/ml to about 1 mg/ml. 4. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said glucose addition occurs within from about 0 to about 5 hours after said irradiation. 5. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein said glucose addition occurs within 1 hour after said irradiation.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176922</DOCNO><APP-NO>762983</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910920</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176922</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B30B  7/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>425 89</PRI-USPC><CITATION>992632/19110500	1505860/19240800	2449008/19480900	3115678/19631200	3692454/19720900	4221556/19800900	5074944/19911200	5076880/19911200</CITATION><INVENTOR>Balsano; Andrea<tab>Schiaretti; Enrico</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Barilla G.E.R. F.lli-Societa per Azioni</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Press for making pizza beds</TITLE><ABST>A press for making pizza beds includes a mold plug having a plurality of pressure rings fitting telescopically and being guided within one another. Double-acting cylinders sequentially actuate the rings from the innermost one to the outermost one to act on the dough such as to stretch it from its center radially outwardly.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION With reference to the drawing figures, generally shown at 1 is a press for preparing pizza beds in accordance with the invention, which comprises a machine base 2 having a worktable 3 attached thereto, the worktable supporting the mold die 4, and generally shown at 5 is the mold plug, movable toward and away from said mold die 4. Specifically, the worktable 3 has a cylindrical socket 6 defined centrally therein in which there is detachably secured the mold die 4, advantageously in the form of a ring adapted to accommodate a respective pan 7 wherein a pizza bed is to be formed in a manner to be explained. Secured fixedly on the base 2 are two cylindrical, rod-shaped uprights (bars) 8 which are stiffened upwardly by a plate-like crosspiece 9, the crosspiece 9 having a double-acting cylinder 10 attached thereto in a conventional way not shown which has a vertical axis coincident with the vertical axis of the die 4. The rod 11 of said cylinder 10 is freely slidable through a clearance bore 9a in the crosspiece 9 and has a bottom end attached to a horizontal plate 12 at a central location thereon. The horizontal plate 12 supports, via four studs 13, a pressure ring 14 having a selected thickness. This pressure ring 14 is coaxial with the cylinder 10 and is movable vertically along guides provided by the uprights 8 themselves. To this aim, the pressure ring 14 has an annular flange 15 attached thereto which has a suitable outside diameter and respective semi-circular recesses 16, 17 in sliding engagement with said uprights 8 at diametrically opposed locations. Beneath the plate 12, a second horizontal plate 18 carries, through four studs 19, a pressure ring 20. This pressure ring 20 has the same thickness as pressure ring 14, inside which it fits coaxially and slidably in rubbing surface contact relationship. Secured on the plate 18 is a double-acting cylinder 21 having a vertical axis coincident with the axis of cylinder 10. The rod 22 of this cylinder 21 has its free top end attached to the horizontal plate 12. A third horizontal plate 23 supports, by means of four studs 24, a further pressure ring 25. This pressure ring 25 fits slidably within pressure ring 20 coaxially and in rubbing surface contact therewith. Secured on the plate 23 is a double-acting cylinder 26 having a vertical axis and a rod 27 with its free top end attached to the horizontal plate 18. A fourth, substantially annular pressure ring 28 fits slidably within pressure ring 25 coaxially and in rubbing surface contact therewith. Within the pressure ring 28, there is defined a cylindrical chamber 29 closed at the top by a horizontal wall 30 of the pressure ring 28 and communicated at the bottom with the outside environment through a cylindrical passageway 31 extending coaxially with said pressure ring 28. The passageway 31 has a reduced diameter with respect to the chamber 29, in co-operation wherewith it defines an annular shoulder 29a. Mounted to the wall 30 of pressure ring 28 is a double-acting cylinder 32 having a vertical axis coincident with the axis of cylinder 10 and a rod 33 with its top end attached to the horizontal crosspiece 23. Guided for sliding movement within the cylindrical passageway 31 of pressure ring 28 is a last or central pressure ring 34 to the upper horizontal base whereof and internal of the chamber 29, there is mounted a vertical axis, double-acting cylinder 36. The rod 37 of this cylinder 36 has its top end attached to the wall 30 of pressure ring 28. On the central pressure ring 34, there is secured or otherwise formed an annular rim 34a having a larger diameter than the passageway 31. This annular rim 34a carries, attached thereto, the bottom ends of rotation-preventing rods 41, 42 and the down-stroke limiters for the pressure rings 20, 25 and 28, extending a substantial length above the crosspiece 9 and being freely engaged through respective holes formed in the crosspieces 23, 18 and 12. A cloth made of a non-sticking material which will not stick to bread-making dough and the like as used to form pizza beds, is secured peripherally on a ring 39, which is supported by the ring 15 of pressure ring 14 via plural springs 40. The cloth 38 is positioned beneath the plurality of pressure rings 14 to 34 just described and is sized to enclose them all. The pressure rings 14, 20, 25, 28 and 34, fitting slidably and coaxially within one another in rubbing surface contact relationship, form the mold plug 5 for the press 1 of this invention. It can be finally observed, in relation to this plug, that it comprises a plurality of pressure rings (14, 20, 25, 28 and 34) having a circular cross-sectional shape and fitting in a guided fashion telescopically inside one another for movement from a retracted position where their bottom ends, facing toward the mold die 4, lie coplanarly and concentrically and form a single working wall 5a for said plug, to a second position where the pressure rings are individually drawn out of one another. It should be further noted that, to perform such telescoping movements, each pressure ring can be individually driven by a respective cylinder or the like actuator. Understandably, the circular cross-section shape of said pressure rings is the most effective one, but other shapes may be used in cross-section to meet different production demands. Also, the means provided to drive the pressure rings may be hydraulic or mechanical. The operation of the press according to this invention is as follows. In a starting condition (FIGS. 1 and 3), the plug 5 would be in a raised position away from the die 4, and the bottom ends of the pressure rings 14-34 comprising it, that is their walls facing toward the die 4, would be in their retracted positions, that is be coplanar and concentrical into a single wall surface. The die 4 is now accessible, and a pan 7 is positioned thereinto containing a preform S made of an edible dough. Preferably, this preform would be in the form of a disk of substantial thickness. The press working cycle begins with a downward movement of the central pressure ring 34 brought about by operating its respective cylinder 36 (FIG. 4). On completion of this downward stroke, the annular flange 34a of pressure ring 34 will bear onto the annular shoulder 29a of the chamber defined in said pressure ring 28. While keeping the cylinder 36 open to the source (not shown) of pressurized fluid, cylinder 32 is presently operated to drive down pressure ring 28 (along with the central pressure ring 34 made rigid therewith) relatively to pressure ring 25 (FIG. 5). By similar operation of cylinders 26 and 21, a configuration is attained for the plug 5, as shown in FIG. 6, wherein pressure rings 34, 28 and 25 are moved down relatively to the outermost pressure ring 14, held in its original position. Briefly, with the above-described steps, the plug 5 has been extended telescopically. At this stage, with all of the cylinders 36, 32, 26 and 21 kept open to the source of pressurized fluid, cylinder 10 is operated to drive down the whole plug 5, held rigidly in the above-mentioned configuration. With this downward movement, the preform S will be first pressed by just the central pressure ring 34, and specifically, of that preform, substantially only the central portion is pressed which has the same surface area as the pressing surface area of the pressure ring 34 (FIG. 7). During this initial compression step, whereas the central portion of the preform S is squeezed flat, and subjected to stretching and inherent stresses of a mechanical nature, the remainder of the preform is left "free" to flow radially outwards without undergoing any mechanical stressing during that movement. Further, this remainder of the preform dough can receive the carbon dioxide being released through the dough and gradually "squeezed out" by the pressure applied to the central portion thereof. On completion of the central pressure ring 34 action, that is upon the cylinder 10 completing its partial downward stroke, while keeping this cylinder 10 open to the source of pressurized fluid, cylinder 36 is discharged to result in sequential descent of pressure rings 28, 25, 20 and 14 (made rigid with one another) relatively to the central pressure ring 34. By virture of this descent (FIG. 8), while the central portion of the preform S already pressed down and deformed by the central pressure ring 34 is held in the position thus achieved by the latter, a further portion of reduced thickness surrounding the previous one is progressively pressed down by pressure ring 28. The above-discussed descent movement is brought to a stop on pressure ring 28 (FIG. 8) reaching the original position of alignment to the central pressure ring 34. The remainder of the preform S will have moved freely outwards without undergoing any mechanical stresses and received substantially all of the carbon dioxide from the squeezed dough under pressure rings 34 and 28. By successively exhausting cylinders 32, 26 and 21, successive compressions are performed, one after another over increasingly more peripheral portions of the dough, to produce the same effects and achieve the same results as explained hereinabove. The operation ends on all the pressure rings 34-14 being returned to their original aligned state (FIG. 9). It matters to notice that during such steps of sequential compression of successive portions of the perform S, the cloth 38 is at all times present between the working parts of the pressure rings and the preform S. This is vital to proper operation of the machine, because it confers continuity on the compressive action and allows removal of the pizza bed product from the pressure rings at the end of the process. The process cycle is ended by controlling the pressure rings to move back upwards. For this purpose, cylinder 21 is first operated to lift up pressure ring 20, then cylinder 26 to drive pressure ring 25 upwards, then cylinder 32 and cylinder 36 to drive pressure rings 28 and 34 upwards, all relatively to the outermost pressure ring 14, which is held in the previously attained down position (FIG. 9). Finally, by operating cylinder 10, the outermost pressure ring 14 is also raised which will drag the cloth 38 therealong. From the die 4, presently made accessible, the pan 7 and its pizza bed can now be removed and passed on to further processing. Clearly noticeable in the resulting pizza bed (FIG. 10) is the thickened rim, whose dough has undergone no mechanical stresses and received most of the carbon dioxide generated in the original dough lump and progressively pushed outwards from the pizza bed during its forming process. This pizza bed provides the basis for a genuine Neapolitan pizza recipe, which is organoleptically and visually comparable with those to be obtained by the traditional manual method. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to a vertical press for making dough beds for pizzas and the like food products from correspondingly apportioned lumps of the dough. It is known that to prepare pizza beds on a commercial or near-commercial scale, vertical presses have long been used whereby an apportioned amount of an edible dough is pressed within a substantially pan-shaped die into a conforming shape. Special care and arrangements are applied to provide the moving plug on the press with such a structure and speed of advance as to enable the viscoelastic dough to acquire its desired shape without developing shreds or material discontinuities. One such press is described, for instance, in Italian Patent No. 1,117,739, which provides a method of forming pizza beds using mechanical presses equipped with a press platen incorporating electric resistance heaters operative to bring it up to a suitably set temperature. Another technical approach is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,511,324, which stresses the importance of preparing a dough sheet having a peripheral bead that can prevent condiments and fillings from flowing off as the pizza is being baked. A press is provided for the purpose wherein the moving plug is basically a plate formed with a peripheral bevel set at a suitable inclination angle to the rim of the die. A third approach, disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,303,677, is based on the preparation of a dough sheet having an upturned peripheral edge using first and second pressing steps to be carried out under different presses, the moving plug of the second press being designed and operated such as to form the upturned peripheral edge with substantially the same thickness as the remainder of the pizza bed. The above-referenced prior approaches, while substantially achieving their objective of producing pizza beds on a commercial or near-commercial scale, share the disadvantage that they are unsuited to process as appropriate a dough which be intended for making genuine Neapolitan pizza. It should be emphasized in this respect that the dough for a genuine Neapolitan pizza requires a characteristic amount of moisture (in the 55% to 70% range) and typical settle and rise times under appropriate conditions of temperature and humidity. For example, the dough settling time would usually be within the range of three to sixteen hours in an environment at a temperature between 20.degree. C. and 35.degree. C., depending on the amount of yeast in the dough. A first settling period with concurrent rising of the entire body of dough is followed by forming into plural lumps, each to provide essentially a preform for subsequent processing into a corresponding pizza bed. After a second, shorter, rising period, which may last between 30 and 90 minutes, such preforms appear as portions of a very supple dough, which are then kneaded manually by the pizza maker, using a characteristic skill not to be easily acquired, into an ultimate disk of varying thickness, being quite thin (0.5 mm) in its central region and thicker (3-6 mm) in its outward region around a peripheral edge. This "manual" processing, applied by the pizza maker in a characteristic fashion, would vary between operatives, but is in all cases aimed at having the dough kneaded by pulling it from the center of the pizza bed toward the periphery thereof, leaving the texture of its outward edge virtually unaffected. During the kneading, this edge would locate inwards of the pulling hand palm. The pull applied to the dough along radial directions (or away from center) causes the carbon dioxide released through the dough by peripheral edge of the pizza bed is allowed thereby. The underlying technical problem of this invention is to provide a press for preparing pizza beds on a commercial or near-commercial scale, which has such structural and functional features as to subject the preform to a dough stretching action along directions radiating from its center, with said stretching action being effective to displace the dough out from the preform center, rather than to just squeeze it, thereby the carbon dioxide generated within the dough during rise can build up in the thicker bed rim. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION This problem is solved according to the invention by a vertical press which comprises: a mold plug including a plurality of pressure rings, being mounted to telescope inside one another in a guided fashion from a first position where their bottom ends lie coplanar and define a planar wall for said plug, to a second position where they are individually extended with respect to one another; a means of driving said pressure rings individually in the vertical direction, and a cloth of a non-sticking material which does not stick to the dough employed for pizza beds, attached peripherally to the outermost pressure ring of said plug by spring-biased means and enclosing said plurality of pressure rings. Advantageously, said pressure rings have a circular cross-sectional shape, and means is provided in said mold plug to prevent said pressure rings from rotating. The features and advantages of a vertical press according to the invention will be apparent from the following detailed description of an embodiment thereof, to be read in conjunction with the accompanying illustrative, but not limitative, drawings. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS In the drawings: FIGS. 1 and 2 are front and top perspective views, respectively, of a vertical press according to the invention; FIG. 3 is an elevation view in cross-section showing schematically the same press as in FIG. 1; FIGS. 4 to 10 illustrate schematically different successive positions of the mold plug of the press in FIG. 1, at successive stages of its operation; and FIG. 11 shows in perspective a pizza bed as formed under the vertical press of this invention.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A vertical press for making pizza beds comprising: a mold plug including a plurality of pressure rings being mounted to telescope inside one another in a guided fashion from a first position where bottom ends of said rings lie coplanar to each other and define a planar wall for said plug, to a second position where said rings are individually extended with respect to one another; means for driving said pressure rings individually in a vertical direction and a cloth of a non-sticking material which will not stick to the dough employed for pizza beds attached peripherally to an outermost pressure ring of said plug by spring-biased means and enclosing said plurality of pressure rings, wherein said means for driving the pressure rings individually comprise respective vertical axis, double-acting cylinders, each having a cylinder case attached to its respective pressure ring and a piston rod attached to a reaction wall of an outer adjacent pressure ring which guides sliding movement of an adjacent inner ring. 2. 2. A vertical press according to claim 1, wherein said pressure rings are circular in cross-section and means are provided in said plug to prevent said pressure rings from rotating.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176923</DOCNO><APP-NO>885232</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19920520</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176923</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B29C 43/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>425150</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>1-191086	19890724	JP</PRIORITY><CITATION>2269758/19420100	3208373/19650900	3534442/19701000	3809739/19740500	4500274/19850200	4555228/19851100	4642044/19870200	4755124/19880700	4904173/19900200	4938682/19900700</CITATION><INVENTOR>Ito; Junichi</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Ito Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Mold-pressing apparatus incorporating electric servo motor and linking mechanism</TITLE><ABST>This invention is a novel mold-pressing apparatus for molding and pressing a material, which is provided with an electric servo motor and a pair of linking mechanisms. The electric servo motor drives the mold-pressing apparatus and rotates itself in the normal and inverse directions. The electric servo motor is numerically controlled. The driving force from the electric servo motor is transmitted to the pressing mold via the linking mechanism by a rotation to reciprocation conversion assembly. By virtue of the provision of these, the mold-pressing apparatus can very easily and effectively secure the applicable pressure and adjust the pressure-applying speed, stroke of the pressing mold, and the pressing time so that the mold operator can create a comfortable environment and improve overall efficiency of the pressing operation.</ABST><SPEC>DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS Referring now more particularly to the accompanying drawings, a preferred embodiment of the mold-pressing apparatus related to the invention is described below. FIGS. 1 through 13 respectively designate the first embodiment of the invention. The essentials of the invention are embodied in the mold-pressing apparatus which molds and presses integrated circuits in the following example. Each of these integrated circuits is built on a substrate which incorporates a variety of electronic elements and lead wires. The periphery of the substrate is molded by resin. To mold the periphery of the substrate, first, substrates and resin powder are loaded into the space between the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 of the mold-pressing apparatus 1. Then, these substrates and resin powder are pressed and heated to about 180.degree. C. before eventually being molded. It should be understood that, in this embodiment, the upper mold of the pressing mold 4 is secured to the mold-pressing apparatus 1 and the lower mold 3 to ascends from below. The upper mold 2 is secured to the upper bed 6 which is fixed to the upper ends of four guide posts 5. Each of four guide posts 5 is erected in the vertical direction in parallel with each other. Each of these guide posts 5 is provided with reinforcing member 20. The bottom end of each guide post 5 is secured to the base 13 of the mold-pressing apparatus 1. The lower bed 7 is installed below the upper mold 2. The lower bed 7 has four guide holes 14 to allow these guide posts 5 to pass through them. The lower bed 7 is moved in the vertical direction along these guide posts 5 by a driving means installed below the lower bed 7. The structure mentioned above is identical to that of any conventional mold-pressing apparatus. The present invention solves the technical problems of the conventional apparatus mentioned earlier. The mold-pressing apparatus based on the first embodiment of the invention is provided with a single electric servo motor for driving the pressing molds. SEE FIGURES I and 7. The output shaft of the electric servo motor 8 is coupled to a timing pulley 11 via timing belt 10. The timing belt 11 is installed on the bottom edge of the screw shaft 12, having a ball screw. The screw shaft 12 extends upward through the bottom of the base 13. To prevent the screw shaft 12 from moving in the vertical direction against the base 13, the screw shaft 12 is secured to the base 13 with a thrust bearing so that the screw shaft 12 can freely rotate R' against the base 13. Illustration of the thrust bearing is not shown. Follower 15 is secured to the screw shaft 12 by a screw threads so that rotation of the screw shaft movs the follower axially along the shaft which in turn becomes rotation reciprocation of the lower bed. Part of the input-side linking arm is secured to the linking mechanism 16 via a pivot. The linking mechanism 16 is composed of the input-side linking arm 17, the output-side linking arm 18, and the supporting linking arm 19. An end 17b of the input-side linking arm 17 is coupled to the follower 15 via a pivot. An end 18b of the output-side linking arm 18 is coupled to the bottom surface of the lower bed 7. An end 19b of the supporting linking arm 19 is coupled to the base 13. The other end 17b of the input-side linking arm 17, the other end 18b of the output-side linking arm 18, and the other end 19b of the supporting linking arm 19, are respectively coupled to each other, thus forming the linking mechanism 16. The first embodiment of the invention provides a pair of the linking mechanism 16, which are symmetrically opposed across the screw shaft 12 and on opposite sides of the follower 15. The electric servo motor 8 is connected to the numerical control circuit 21. The numerical control circuit 21 is of closed-loop composition incorporating the tape-reader 22a, input circuit 22b, arithmetic operation circuit 23, servo circuit 24, rotation-angle sensor 25, and counter 26. The numerical controller is formed by combining the numerical control circuit 21 with the electric servo motor 8 and the control panel 40. The mold-pressing apparatus 1' is set in the center of the mold-pressing integral apparatus 1 embodied by the invention. See FIG. 2. The pressing mold 4 of the first embodiment has four upper-mold sliding guides 41 each being erected vertically on the lower mold 3. There are a plurality of slide-guide holes 42 for allowing these upper-mold sliding guides 41 of the upper mold 2 to pass through them so that only the upper mold 2 can move itself in the vertical direction against the lower mold 3. The position of the upper mold 2 is securely held against the lower mold 3 by a cylindrical space holder 43 having a slot along the axial direction permitting coupling to the upper-mold sliding guides 41. Extended member 44 is provided above the upper mold 2. The extended member 44 is secured by the upper-mold clamper 38. Another extended member 45 secured by the lower-mold clamper 37 and hook 32 engaging with the hooking pin 33 of the pneumatic cylinder 28 of pressing-mold transfer means are installed below the lower mold 3. The upper and lower molds 2 and 3 respectively incorporate a heater which heats resin powder and molds IC substrates. Since any conventional heater can be used, description and illustration of heater are not included. Likewise, the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 are respectively provided with a concave cavity for molding resin powder and the IC substrates. However, since the shape of the concave cavity is arranged according to the shape of the IC substrates to be molded, description and illustration of the cavity are not included. The mold-pressing apparatus 1' incorporates press-mold positioning and fixing means which positions and fixes the pressing mold 4 after being transferred to the pressing position P1 between the upper and lower beds 6 and 7. See FIGS. 7 and 8. The positioning device is set to the upper surface of the lower bed 7, which is lifted from the upper surface by the guide roller 35 and the electromagnetic solenoid used for positioning the pressing mold 4 (to be transferred to the pressing position P1) in the forward and backward directions when the bottom of the mold-pressing apparatus 1 shown in FIG. 8 corresponds to the front of the apparatus 1 and the top of the apparatus 1 shown in FIG. 8 corresponds to the rear. The positioning device is composed of positioning pins 36a and 36b which respectively determine the positions of the lower mold 3 in the left and right directions shown in FIG. 8 by contacting the lower mold 3 in the protruded condition. The fixing device of the press-mold positioning and fixing means is vertically moved by an ejector (not shown) which is set to the lower bed 7 and uses an electric motor and a cam. The fixing device has the lower-mold clamper 37 which presses against the extended member 45 of the lower mold 3 of the pressing mold 4 at the position descended from upper position so that the lower mold 3 can be fixed. The upper bed 6 is provided with a clamper 38 having the structure almost identical to that of the lower-mold clamper 37. Two ranks of air-lifts 29 are disposed in the left and right directions on the upper surface 7a of the lower bed 7. The air-lifts 29 are provided with a number of air-jetting holes jetting compressed air from the air-compressor 57 for slightly lifting the pressing mold 4. Each of these air-lifts 29 is provided with four groups of nine holes 39, for a total of 36 units of air-jetting holes 39. A plurality of valves 58 are installed inside of tubes distributed between each of these four groups of air-jetting holes 39 and the air compressor 57. Referring to FIG. 9, the upper bed 6 is provided with a space-holder loading and unloading means 55 which is composed of clamper 52 for loading and unloading the space holder 43 into and from the pressing mold 4 transferred to the pressing position P1. A supporting member 53 supports the clamper 52 by suspending it; and a pneumatic cylinder 54 drives the clamper 52. The clamper 52 is provided with a pair of clamping members which freely open and close themselves and are secured to the clamper 52 by a pivot. Each of these clamping members opens and closes itself by means of force energized by an electromagnetic solenoid (not shown). A pair of escape holes 56 are provided for the upper bed 6 to generate relief when the upper sliding guide 4 of the pressing mold 4 protrudes (See FIGURE 1 or 2). A "non-pressing" operating unit 27 is installed on each side (the left and right positions shown in FIGURE I) of the mold-pressing apparatus 1'. The "non-pressing" operating unit 27 is composed of: the pneumatic cylinder 28; air-lifts 29; lower-mold cleaning brush 30; and molded piece loading and unloading means 31 (see FIG. 7). The pneumatic cylinder 28 has a hooking pin 33 which is engaged with a stopper hook 32 of the lower mold 3 and the electromagnetic solenoid 34 for raising the hooking pin 33 (See FIG. 1). The pneumatic cylinder 28 causes the lower mold 3 to move to and from the pressing position P1 and the mold-exchanging position P2 by extending and contracting itself when the projected hooking pin 33 is engaged with the stopper hook 32 of the lower mold 3. The system uses air-lifts 29 identical to those provided for the lower bed 7. The lower-mold cleaning brush 30 is composed of brush 46, sliding arm 47 which causes the brush 46 to reciprocate its movement back and forth, and another sliding arm 48 which causes the brush 46 to reciprocate its movement to the left and to the right. Means 31 for loading and unloading the molding object is composed of the suction head 49 which attaches to the molded and pressed IC substrates on the lower mold 3 by negative pneumatic pressure. Sliding arm 50 moves the suction head back and forth, and another sliding arm 51 increases the suction head 49 to the left and to the right to move the suction head in and out of the mold area. In addition to the suction head 49, means 31 for loading and unloading the molding object is provided by the resin-powder supply means for feeding resin powder to the lower mold 3. However, description and illustration of this means is not included. Referring to FIG. 1, data read by the tape reader 22a and stored in the input circuit 22b is output to the arithmetic operation circuit 23. As a matter of course, data can optionally be varied by the operator through the control panel 40. The arithmetic operation circuit 23 then converts the received data into pulses needed for driving the electric servo motor 8, and then, the converted pulses are transmitted to the servo circuit 24 for driving the electric servo motor 8. Since the numerical control circuit 21 in this embodiment is of closed-loop type, the servo circuit 24 has a comparison circuit and a servo-amplifying circuit. Since the comparison and servo circuits are conventionally known, description and illustration of these are not included. A rotation-angle sensor 25 detects the rotation angle of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8 to allow the counter 26 to convert the detected angle into numerical values. The comparison circuit of the servo circuit 24 continuously compares the numerically converted rotation angle and the driving pulses. If any error were generated between these, the rotation of the electric servo motor 8 is controlled to minimize the error. Next, the screw shaft 12 is rotated by the driving force from the electric servo motor 8 via the timing belt 10 and the timing pulley 11. The rotation R' of the leader 12 causes the follower 15 to move vertically S'. Assume that the rotation R of the electric servo motor 8 in the direction of lifting the follower 15 is clockwise R1, whereas the rotation R of this servo motor 8 in the direction of lowers the follower 15 is counterclockwise R2, then the following operations can be performed. The linking mechanism 16 begins its operation simultaneous with the rise (S1') of the follower 15. As shown in FIG. 2, when the follower 15 rises, force F1 applied to an end 17a of the input-side linking arm 17 is synthesized with the horizontal reaction force F2 before becoming stress F3. Stress F3 is then applied to the other end 19b of the supporting linking arm 19, and then stress F3 is synthesized with reaction force F4 transmitted from the end 19b to the end 19a before becoming stress F5. Stress F5 is then transmitted from the end 18b of the output-side linking arm 18 to the end 18a before being transmitted to the lower bed 7. The horizontal component F6 of stress F5 transmitted to the lower bed 7 is received by the guide posts 5, and then the vertical component F7 becomes the force which lifts the lower bed 7. Based on these processes, the lower bed 7 is lifted S1. Simultaneously, the lower mold 3 is also lifted and presses resin powder and the IC substrates inserted between the upper and lower molds 2 and 3. When pressure is applied, heaters inside of the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 respectively heat resin powder and IC substrates and mold them. When these processes are underway, the linking mechanism 16 enters into the state shown in FIG. 3. FIG. 3 designates that the vertical component F7 of stress F5 lifting the lower bed 7 by the amount S1 is generated by force F1 applied to an end 17a of the input-side linking arm 17. FIG. 4 is the graphic chart representing variation of the stroke of the lower mold 3 against the rotating angle of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8. It indicates that the stroke of the lower mold 3 is variable relative to the rotation R of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8. In other words, it is clear that the stroke of the lower mold 3 is determined by the rotating angle of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8. It is also clear that the variable amount per unit time of the stroke of the lower mold 3, i.e., the speed of applying pressure, is determined in correspondence with the variable rotation rate of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8, i.e., in correspondence with the speed of the rotation of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8. FIG. 5 is the graphic chart designating the rate of the variation of the stroke of the lower mold 3 against the rotating angle of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8. It indicates that the rate of variation of the stroke of the lower mold 3 is determined in correspondence with the rotating angle of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8 and the rate of the variation of the stroke decreases relative to an increase of the rotating angle of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8. More particularly, the graphic chart shown in FIG. 5 designates that, when the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8 rotates by the amount R1 at a constant speed, as the lower mold 3 rises by the amount S1, the speed of applying pressure during the rise S1 of the lower mold 3 decelerates. If the electric servo motor 8 outputs constant driving force, it is obvious that more amount of pressure is applied to the lower mold 3 as the rate of the variation of the stroke decreases. Concretely, as shown in FIG. 6, applied pressure grows with an increase of the angle of the rotation of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8. The applied pressure is at the maximum when the lower mold 3 rises to the upper limit. More particularly, about 50 tons of pressure may be applied in some case for example. As a result, applicable pressure can be determined in a range capable of securing enough pressure needed for the molding press by selecting the limit of the normal rotation of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8. In this manner, the system can apply enough pressure to the molding press by effectively operating the linking mechanism 16. The stroke of the lower mold 3 can also be determined by defining the limit of normal rotation of the rotating angle of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8 via the numerical control circuit 21. When the limit of the normal rotation is reached, the numerical control circuit 21 stops the rotation of the electric servo motor 8. The rotation-ceased period of the servo motor 8 can be used for adjusting the period of applying pressure. The speed of applying pressure to the lower mold 3 can be adjusted by controlling the rotation rate of the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8. Compared to the case of using oil pressure for driving the pressing mold, the mold pressing apparatus embodied by the invention does not generate the heat caused by varied oil pressure. As a result, when operating the apparatus embodied by the invention, there is no fear of generating an uncomfortable working environment caused by the rise of ambient temperature. Also, there is no fear of staining the mold-pressing apparatus 1 and surrounding locations caused by the leaked oil and also no fear of causing a fire from pressurized oil. The electric servo motor 8 activates the driving operation only at the time of lifting and lowering the lower mold 3. The electric servo motor 8 remains OFF while the lower mold 3 is not moving. Consequently, the mold-pressing apparatus embodied by the invention minimizes noise from the electric servo motor 8 and operating costs even when the entire system operates. There are conventional pressing devices which are designated to stabilize the speed of one-way rotation of a one-way rotating electric motor in combination with a crank and flywheel. This pressing apparatus provides desirable performance when continuously executing pressing operation by applying constant pressure tact to the punching or bending of sheets. Nevertheless, this pressing apparatus cannot be used for pressing requiring substantial duration and for applying pressure and adjusting the period of applying pressure as is done by the mold-pressing apparatus embodied by the present invention. Next, after completing the pressing process described above, the pressing mold 4 is transferred from the pressing position PI to the mold-exchanging position P2. The transfer T of the pressing mold 4 before and after execution of the pressing process is described below. Assume that the pressing mold 4 is transferred in a range between the mold-exchanging position P2 on the left side of the mold-pressing unit 1 and the pressing position Pl shown in FIGS. 1 and 7. The range of transfer T from the mold-exchanging position P2 to the pressing position P1 is referred to as the transfer T1 and the range of the transfer T from the pressing position P1 to the mold-exchanging position P2 as the transfer T2 for discrimination. First, when the T1 mode is entered, the operator loads the space holder 43 in the upper-mold sliding guide 41 between the upper mold 2 and the lower mold 3 of the pressing mold 4. As a result, clearance between the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 is retained by the predetermined distance L. The IC substrates and resin powder are loaded in the concave cavity of the lower mold 3. Next, valves 58 between the air compressor 57 and the air-lifts 29 and 29' are released to allow compressed air from the compressor 57 to jet out of air-jetting holes 39 of the air-lifts 29 and 29', and then the pressing mold 4 floats slightly in air. Next, hooking pin 33 of the pneumatic cylinder 28 projects itself so that it can be engaged with the hook 32 of the lower mold 3. Then, the pressing mold 4 is energized by the pneumatic cylinder 28 via the hooking pin 33 and the hook 32 in order that the pressing mold 4 can be transferred from the mold-exchanging position P2 to the pressing position P1 on the lower bed. The pressing mold 4 is moved along the air-lifts 29 and 29'. According to the position of the pressing mold 4 on the air-lifts 29 and 29', the opening and closing operation of valves 58 is selectively controlled to allow compressed air to be jetted out of four groups of jetting holes 39' below the pressing mold 4, thus effectively minimizing the consumption of compressed air (see FIG. 8). While the above process is underway, the right-side positioning pin 39a of the left/right positioning pin 39 of the lower bed 7 protrudes. Next, when being transferred from the mold-exchanging position P2 to the pressing position P1, the pressing mold 4 is guided by the guide roller 35 until contacting the positioning pin 39a (see FIG. 12). The lower mold 3 is then secured to the lower bed 7 by means of the lower-bed clamper 37, and at the same time, the upper mold 2 is secured to the upper bed 6 by means of the upper-mold clamper 38. The upper mold 2 is slightly lifted by the upper-mold clamper 38 (see FIG. 11). Illustration of the guide posts 5 and space-holder loading/unloading means 55 is not shown in FIG. 11. When fixing these molds 2 and 3, valves 58 of the air-lifts 29 and 29' are fully closed. The clamping member 52 clamps the space holder 43, thus allowing the space holder 43 by the operation of the clamper-use pneumatic cylinder 54 of space-holder loading/unloading means 55 (see FIGS. 9 and 10). Next, the clamper-use pneumatic cylinder 54 lifts the clamping member 52 while holding the space holder 43 to be disengaged. The pressing mold 4 is transferred to the pressing position P1 in the T1 mode. The pressing operation is executed by sequentially carrying out those processes mentioned above. After completing the pressing process, the pressing mold 4 is transferred from the pressing position P1 to the mold-exchanging position P2 under the T2-mode operation which is implemented by reversing the T1-mode operations. The first space-holder 43 is loaded, and then the upper-mold clamper 38 and the lower-mold clamper 37 respectively release the clamping force to allow the pneumatic cylinder 28 to execute the T2-mode operation mentioned above by transferring the pressing mold 4 to the mold-exchanging position P2. The processes related to the mold-pressing operations under the T1-mode transfer of the pressing mold 4 including the pressing, heating, and the process for externally removing the pressing mold 4, are described below, see FIG. 13. Assume that the left-side pressing mold 4a and the right-side pressing mold 4b are used for composing the pressing mold 4. First, during the initial stage of the process, the left-side pressing mold 4a is transferred from the left-side mold-exchanging position P2 to the pressing position P1 under the T1 mode, and then the mold 4a is secured in position. Assume that the right-side pressing mold 4b has already completed the mold-pressing process. When the second process is entered, the lower mold 3 is lifted by the driving force from the electric servo motor 8 against the left-side pressing mold 4a in the pressing position P1 for pressing and heating the resin powder and IC substrates. After completing the pressing and heating processes, the third process is entered, where the lower mold 3 descends (S2). While the second and third processes are underway, IC substrates with molded object are extracted from the right-side pressing mold 4b by operating molded-object loading/unloading means 31. Next, brush 30 removes residual resin powder adhered to the lower mold 3, and then a process for loading IC substrates and resin powder in the lower mold 3 is executed before molding and pressing them. These processes are referred to as "non-pressing operations" in the following description. When the fourth process is entered, the left-side pressing mold 4a is transferred (T2) to the left-side mold-exchanging position P2, and simultaneously, the right-side pressing mold 4b is brought (T2) to the pressing position P1 from the right-side mold-exchanging position P2. In the same way, pressing processes are executed by alternately operating the right-side pressing mold 4b and the left-side pressing mold 4a. Since the mold-pressing apparatus embodied by the invention can simultaneously execute the pressing and "non-pressing" processes, operating efficiency of the mold-pressing apparatus can easily be promoted. When changing the kinds of integrated circuits to be pressed by molds, the system can remount the pressing mold 4 compatible with the kinds of integrated circuits at the mold-exchanging position P2. When executing this operation, the pressing mold 4 can be remounted at the mold-exchanging position P2 in the state of combining the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 together. As a result, the operator can easily replace the pressing mold 4. Because of this, total operating efficiency of the mold pressing operation can easily be promoted. The space holder 43 can be loaded between the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 of the pressing mold 4, and thus, the operator can extract the resin-molded integrated circuits from the space between the upper and lower molds 2 and 3, clean the lower mold 3 and load IC substrates and resin powder in the space between the upper and lower molds 2 and 3. Furthermore, since the space holder 43 can be removed, the lower mold 3 can move vertically in the pressing position P1. In the light of the recently grown demand for manufacturing a wide variety of merchandise in small production lots by means of mold-pressing apparatuses, it is possible for the mold-pressing apparatus embodied by the invention to easily customize the pressure-applying speed, adjustment of the stroke of the pressing mold and the pressure-applying duration by numerically controlling the mold-pressing operation. Because of the ease of replacing a pressing mold 4, the operator can very easily change the kinds of the object to be molded by operating the mold-pressing apparatus 1 embodied by the invention. The embodiment provides a pair of linking mechanism 16 for driving the lower bed 7 by securing balance between the left and the right. There is no need of defining the number of the linking mechanism merely to two units, but it is possible for the embodiment to provide three, four, or more than five units of the linking mechanism. However, since the lower bed 7 is of rectangular shape, it is desired that a total of four units of the linking mechanism be provided for each of the four corners of the rectangular lower bed 7. The embodiment provides the cylindrical space holder 43 for retaining the upper mold 2, where the space holder 43 has an aperture on the side wall. The invention does not require the shape of the space holder 43 to be only cylindrical. To make the upper and lower molds 2 and 3, a rail may be provided for the air-lifts 29 and 29'. On the other hand, the lower mold 3 of the pressing mold 4 incorporates a heater generating 180.degree. C. of heat. As a result, if the rail is introduced, lubricant for the rail must carefully be selected. Alternatively, a mechanical arrangement other than a rail can be introduced to bring the air-lifts into contact with the pressing mold 4, thus dispensing with lubricant. In other words, the air-lifts 29 and 29', can be easily maintained promoting easier maintenance of the entire mold-pressing apparatus 1. Next, referring to FIG. 14, the second embodiment of the invention is described below. To implement the second embodiment, a pair of electric servo motors 8 is disposed below the lower bed 7 on both sides. Each of the output shafts 9 of these two electric servo motors 8 is horizontally disposed in the forward and backward directions. Each output shaft 9 is directly secured to the end 19a' of the supporting linking arm 19' of each linking mechanism 16 disposed in correspondence with each of these two electric servo motors 8. Each of these linking mechanism 16 is composed of the output-side linking arm 18, the input-supporting linking arm 19' and the synchronization-supplementary linking arms 17', where each of the synchronization-supplementary linking arms 17' of the linking mechanism 16 is axially secured to the synchronization supplementary slider 15' which is supported by a pair of slider guide members 59 so that each of the linking arms 17' can move vertically. The second embodiment provides the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 in an arrangement without the space-holder loading and unloading means 55. Each of the pair of electric servo motors 8 is connected to the numerical control circuit 21 so that they can rotate synchronously. According to the structure of the second embodiment, as soon as these two electric servo motors 8 are synchronously activated, the pair of linking mechanism 16 corresponding to these two electric servo motors 8 are also synchronously operated, thus allowing the lower bed 7 to be driven in a balanced manner. When these operations are underway, since each of the synchronization-supplementary linking arms 17' are axially coupled to the synchronization supplementary slider 15', and since this slider 15' is vertically movable along the slider-guide member 59, operations of these two linking mechanism 16 can very easily be synchronized. In addition, since the second embodiment provides a pair of electric servo motors 8, compared to the first embodiment, by virtue of the synchronous rotation of these two electric servo motors 8, the composition of the numerical control circuit 21 becomes slightly complex. Nevertheless, when equivalent pressure is applied, the mold-pressing apparatus embodied by the invention can use such small electric servo motors 18 each having the output capacity one-half the one used for the first embodiment. Consequently, the mold-pressing apparatus reflecting the second embodiment can use compact electric servo motors 8 to eventually materialize a compact mold-pressing apparatus 1. On the other hand, if the apparatus introduces a pair of electric servo motors 8 having the output capacity equivalent to the one used for the first embodiment, applicable pressure will double. When performing the mold-pressing process, the apparatus of the second embodiment allows only the lower mold 3 to move (T) between the pressing position P1 and the mold-exchanging position P2 without moving the upper mold 2 secured to the upper bed 6. Consequently, when executing the mold pressing of one kind of merchandise, the apparatus can perform the mold pressing operation by operating the upper mold 2 and a pair of lower molds 3. When switching the object to be molded, the apparatus embodied by the invention can also replace the upper mold 2 with the commonly workable lower mold 2. As is clear from the foregoing description, the invention provides a wide variety of advantages. According to the present invention, a novel mold-pressing apparatus is presented, which is provided with an electric servo motor and linking mechanism for molding and pressing the object of molding. The electric servo motor capable of rotating itself in the normal and inverse directions is used for driving the mold-pressing mechanism under the numerical control system, where the driving force from this servo motor is transmitted to the pressing mold via a linking mechanism by a rotation/reciprocation conversion mean. Accordingly, the apparatus secures enough pressure to the pressing mold and permits adjustment of the pressure-applying speed, stroke of the pressing mold, and the period of pressure applied very easily and inexpensively without complexity, and also improves the working environment in the mold-pressing site, thus increasing overall operating efficiency. Since the apparatus uses a single electric servo motor, the control operation via the numerical control circuit can easily be implemented. In addition, the moving half of the pressing mold can be operated in perfect balance by virtue of a plurality of linking mechanisms. Since the pressing mold can be transferred from the pressing position to the mold-exchanging position, the pressing molds can be replaced at the mold-exchanging position. As a result, an operator can quickly replace the pressing molds, thus easily improving overall operating efficiency of the mold-pressing process. Air-lifts are provided for the apparatus as means for transferring the pressing mold. When transferring the pressing mold, the pressing mold floats slightly above the air-lifts. Consequently, there is no friction between the pressing mold and the air-lifts. This allows the operator to easily perform maintenance of the pressing mold and the entire mold-pressing apparatus. When upper-mold retention means is loaded between the upper and lower molds of the pressing mold, an operator can perform interim processes between the upper and lower molds before and after executing the pressing process. As a result, the operating efficiency of the mold pressing work can be improved. In particular, operator can very easily replace the pressing molds as required. Additionally, a space holder for holding the upper mold can be provided for retaining the molds in position. 71 754218 19910827 03 81 452344 19891219 03 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention relates to a mold-pressing apparatus. 2. Description of the Prior Art As is well known, conventional mold-pressing apparatuses are widely used for in a variety of industrial applications in many fields. Each mold-pressing apparatus loads molding material like resin powder or ceramic powder, for example, in the cavity between the upper and lower molds and eventually molds the powder material into the predetermined shape by pressing and heating it in the mold. Conventionally, mold-pressing apparatuses are widely used for manufacturing electric elements such as photoelectric conversion elements or integrated circuits. The mold of any conventional mold-pressing apparatus is composed of the upper and lower molds and is arranged so that the lower mold can be moved towards the upper mold, or conversely, the lower mold is fixed so that the upper mold can be moved toward the lower mold. When operating any conventional mold pressing apparatus, resin powder material is applied between the upper and lower molds during the preliminary pressing process. Then the powder material is pressed and heated by the upper and lower molds. Finally the molded piece is extracted from the molded position between the upper and lower molds. Conventionally, an oil-pressure-applied mechanism or pneumatic mechanism or a combination of these is used for driving the molding press. More particularly, an oil pressurized radial pump is used for example. Using the servo motor for controlling the output of pressurized oil from the radial pump per unit time, pressurized oil output from the radial pump is fed to the oil-pressure-applied piston for driving the pressing mold. When the pressurized mold is closed, in other words, when oil pressure is applied, pressure is intensified by decreasing the volume of pressurized oil output from the radial pump. It is possible for the pressing mold to accelerate the speed of applying pressure before and after executing the pressing operation by increasing the volume of pressurized oil output from the radial pump. The radial pump can continuously vary the volume of output oil from the positive to the negative range. The radial pump can switch the output and the intake of the pressurized oil. As a result, the clearance between the molds of the pressing mold can be fixed by reducing the volume of pressurized oil output from the radial pump. This allows the mold operator to easily adjust the stroke and pressing time of the pressing mold. In particular, the ease of adjusting the pressing time is extremely important for the molding press which simultaneously applies pressing and heating processes. PROBLEMS TO BE SOLVED BY THE INVENTION Any mold-pressing apparatuses using conventional oil-pressurizing art can easily maintain the applied pressure and adjust the pressing time, and also, the operator can easily adjust the stroke and pressing time. Nevertheless, when operating such a conventional oil-pressuring apparatus, due to variation of the oil pressure, heat is generated in the pressurized oil. If this happens, heat propagates to the surrounding atmosphere. As a result, temperature around the molding press quickly rises, thus causing the working environment to become extremely uncomfortable. There are cases in which pressurized oil leaks from the radial pump, oil-pressure-applied piston, and interlinking pipes. The leaked oil often stains the molding press itself and surrounding areas. In an extreme case, there is a fire hazard from the pressurized oil. Furthermore, since the conventional radial pump is constantly operated regardless of the output of pressurized oil, it is difficult for the conventional system to suppress noise from the radial pump. Generally, when using oil pressure for driving any conventional molding press, environmental conditions at the pressing site cannot easily be improved. There are a variety of products that can be manufactured by the molding process. Likewise, there is an increasing demand for manufacturing many kinds of merchandise in small-quantity lots. To satisfy these requirements, it is necessary for the manufacturers to finely control the pressure, pressure-intensifying speed, pressing time, and the stroke of the pressing mold according to the specific product desired. Furthermore, the manufacturers can precisely control the molding process by applying numerical controllers more frequently. The mold operator can easily control the applicable pressure, the pressure-applying speed and the pressure-applying time of the pressing mold by numerically controlling the output-volume-controlling servo motor of the radial pump. However, the stroke of the pressing mold is determined by the volume of pressurized oil inside of the piston. The volume of pressurized oil inside of the piston is substantially the accumulation of the volume of pressurized oil output from the radial pump. Nevertheless, since the volume of pressurized oil output from the radial pump is continuously adjusted by the output-volume controlling servo motor, it is difficult to precisely determine the volume of pressurized oil output from the radial pump. In particular, it is quite difficult and expensive to manufacture a device to accurately measure the volume of oil pumped by the pump. If time-based error occurs while adjusting the volume of oil output from the output-volume controlling servo motor, the calculated cumulative result of the volume of output oil will significantly differ from the actual value. Even using a numerical controller, with any conventional mold-pressing apparatus which uses oil pressure, it is quite difficult for any manufacturer to achieve very precise adjustment of the stroke of the pressing mold as per the requirements. Conventionally, when performing the molding process, the pressing process and other processes are alternately executed. As a result, in addition to the time needed for the pressing process, the operator needs to spend some time replacing the pressing molds before starting "non-pressing" processes, and as a result, overall efficiency of the pressing process is low. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The primary object of the invention is to provide a novel mold-pressing apparatus for molding and pressing material, which is internally provided with a single electric servo motor and a pair of linking mechanisms. The electric servo motor drives the mold-pressing apparatus and rotates itself in two directions. The electric servo motor is numerically controlled. The driving force of the electric servo motor is transmitted to the pressing mold via the linking mechanism by a rotation/reciprocation conversion means. By virtue of the linking mechanism, the mold-pressing apparatus can very easily and effectively apply appropriate pressure and adjust the pressure-applying speed, stroke of the pressing mold, and the pressing time at low cost also preserving a comfortable environment and improving overall efficiency of the pressing operation. Another object of the invention is to provide a novel mold-pressing apparatus internally provided with a single electric servo motor and a linking mechanism, which can effectively aid in replacing the pressing molds by moving them from the pressing position to the mold-exchange position. The mold-pressing apparatus embodied by the invention allows loading of molding object between the upper and lower molds each storing heating means, and then allows driving means to drive the pressing mold composed of the upper and lower molds in order to press, heat and mold the loaded object of molding. The mold-pressing apparatus is internally provided with a single electric servo motor 8 performing rotations (R) in the normal and reverse directions. A drive controller is formed by connecting the numerical control circuit 21 to the electric servo motor 8. The output shaft of the electric servo motor 8 is connected to the linking mechanism 16 via a rotation/reciprocation conversion means. The pressing mold 4 is driven by connecting either of the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 to the linking mechanism 16. The electric servo motor and the linking mechanism are features of the mold-pressing apparatus embodied by this invention. Either of the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 of the pressing mold 4 to be driven by the system moves along a plurality of guide posts 5 which are vertically erected on the base 13 of the mold-pressing apparatus 1 in parallel with each other. The screw shaft 12 of the rotation/reciprocation conversion means is erected in the center of the portion surrounded by these guide posts 5. When a driving force from the electric servo motor 8 is applied, the screw shaft 12 performs rotation R. Follower 15 is connected to the screw shaft 12 by threads on the shaft to compose rotation/reciprocation conversion means. A plurality of linking mechanism components of the linking mechanism 16 are symmetrically disposed across the screw shaft 12 and follower 15, where the linking mechanism is composed of the input-side linking arm 17 having an end 17a connected to the follower 15 via shaft, the output-side linking arm 18 having an end 18a connected to either of the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 of the pressing mold 4, and supporting linking arm 19 having an end 19a connected to the mold-pressing apparatus 1 via a shaft. The plurality of linking mechanism components are respectively connected to the other end 17b of the input-side linking arm 17, the other end 18b of the output-side linking arm 18, and the other end 19b of the supporting linking arm 19. Due to the arrangement of these structural components, the plurality of linking mechanism components 16 are synchronously operated by the driving force from the single electric servo motor 8 inside of the mold-pressing apparatus 1 via the screw shaft 12 and the follower 15 so that either of the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 of the pressing mold 4 can be operated. The above arrangement provides an embodiment of the mold-pressing apparatus of the invention. Another embodiment provides such a novel mold-pressing apparatus internally having a single electric servo motor 8 and linking mechanism featuring provision of the following: Either of the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 of the pressing mold 4 to be driven by the system moves along a plurality of guide posts 5 which are vertically erected on the base 13 of the mold-pressing apparatus, 1 in parallel with each other. The linking mechanism 16 is composed of the crank-shape input-supporting linking arm 19 having an end 19a connected to the output shaft 9 of the electric servo motor 8 to perform the function of rotation/reciprocation conversion means, and the output-side linking arm 18 having an end 18a connected via shaft to either of the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 to be driven, where the other end 19b of the input-supporting linking arm 19 and the other end 18b of the output-side linking arm 18 are respectively connected to the linking arm 16, where the plurality of linking mechanism components are symmetrically disposed across the center of the portion surrounded by a plurality of guide posts 5 in company with the electric servo motor 8. By virtue of the arrangement of these components, the plurality of linking mechanism 16 are symmetrically operated by the synchronous driving operation of the electric servo motor to drive either of the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 of the pressing mold 4. Another embodiment provides such a novel mold-pressing apparatus having a single electric servo motor and linking mechanism featuring the following: pressing-mold transfer means which horizontally moves the pressing mold 4 composed of the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 in a range between the pressing position P1 and the mold-exchanging position P2, and pressing-mold positioning and fixing means which positions the pressing mold 4 at the pressing position P1 and secures it in position. As a result, the pressing process can be implemented by the pressing mold 4 fixed at the pressing position P1, and in addition, process for replacing the molds of the pressing mold 4 can also be executed at the mold-exchanging position P2 which is horizontally displaced from the pressing position P1. It is also possible for the invention to allow pressing-mold transfer means with a number of air-jetting holes 39 jetting compressed air from an air-compressor 57 and a plurality of air-lifting devices 29 which are disposed along the moving path of the pressing mold 4 to pneumatically lift the pressing mold 4 from the air-lifting devices 29 with compressed air jetted out of the air-jetting holes 39 of the air-lifting devices 29 before eventually moving the pressing mold 4. When executing the above process, it is desired that the pressing mold 4 be provided with upper-mold retention means for maintaining the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 at a predetermined clearance by inserting this between both molds and retaining the upper mold 2 against the lower mold 3. The upper-mold retention device is composed of, a plurality of space holders 43 each having an aperture on the cylindrical side wall in the axial direction so they may be coupled longitudinally to the upper-mold sliding guides 41 which are respectively erected on the lower mold 3 and allow the upper mold 2 to move vertically S against the lower mold 3 by allowing the upper mold 2 to penetrate through it. By virtue of the structural arrangement mentioned above, when the electric servo motor 8 starts rotating, driving force from this servo motor 8 is transmitted to the pressing mold 4 via the linking mechanism 16. The driving force is amplified by the mechanical advantage provided by the linking mechanism 16 so that the amplified pressure can be applied to the pressing mold 4, thus securing the pressure needed for pressing the object of molding. Numerical control circuit 21 controls the rotation of the electric servo motor 8. As a result, the speed of applying pressure to the pressing mold 4 can be controlled by the numerical control circuit 21 by controlling the rate of rotation of the output shaft of the electric servo motor 8. As soon as the electric servo motor 8 stops normal rotation R1, the pressing mold 4 also stops its pressing operation. The numerical control circuit 21 controls the angle of the rotation of the output shaft of the electric servo motor 8. The clearance between the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 of the pressing mold 4 is determined in accordance with the rotation angle of the output shaft of the electric servo motor 8. Accordingly, the clearance between the upper and lower molds 2 and 3 of the pressing mold 4, i.e., the stroke of the pressing mold 4, can be adjusted by the control applied to the electric servo motor 8 by the numerical control circuit 21. The period of applying pressure to the object of molding can be controlled by controlling the ceased period of the rotation of the electric servo motor 8 by stopping the rotation of this servo motor 8 while the pressing mold 4 applies pressure to the object of molding. As mentioned above, by jointly operating the electric servo motor 8 and the linking mechanism 16, the mold-pressing apparatus easily applies the necessary pressure to the pressing mold 4 and finely adjusts the pressure-applying speed, stroke of the pressing mold, and the period of applying pressure to the object of molding. Because the electric servo motor 8 is used for driving the mold-pressing apparatus 1 embodied by the present invention, there is no potential for staining the work area and product with leaking hydraulic oil and the temperature of the work environment remains at a comfortable level. Since the operation of the electric servo motor 8 is numerically controlled by the numerical control circuit 21, automated operation of the mold-pressing apparatus can be employed to easily improve the efficiency of the pressing process. The pressing mold 4 can be transferred between the pressing position PI and the mold-exchanging position P2. The pressing mold 4 executes the pressing operation against the object of molding at the position Pl and allows operator to replace molds at the mold-exchanging position P2. As a result, the system allows the operator to effectively and easily replace the pressing molds, thus easily and securely promoting the overall efficiency of the pressing operation. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS To solve the technical problems inherent to the conventional mold-pressing apparatuses, the mold-pressing apparatus embodied by the invention is provided with the technical means described below. Explanation of those components of the mold-pressing apparatus is given by way of reference numerals shown in the accompanying drawings. FIGS. 1 through 13 designate embodiments of the invention wherein; FIG. 1 is the front view of the present invention; FIG. 2 is a front view of the mold-pressing apparatus of the present invention in which the lower mold descends; FIG. 3 is a front view of the mold-pressing apparatus of the present invention in which the lower mold ascends; FIG. 4 is a graphic chart representing the stroke of the pressing mold as a function of the rotating angle of the drive shaft; FIG. 5 is a graphic chart representing the variation rate of the stroke of the pressing mold; FIG. 6 is a graphic chart representing the variation of the applicable pressure; FIG. 7 is a plan view of the mold pressing apparatus of the present invention; FIG. 8 is an enlarged plan view of the apparatus after removing the upper mold; FIG. 9 is an enlarged front view representing the state of transferring the pressing mold in the mold-pressing apparatus; FIG. 10 is a plan view of the lower mold including the sectional views of the upper slide guide members, space holder, and space-holder loading/unloading means along lines X - X' shown in FIG. 9; FIG. 11 is a lateral view of the mold-pressing apparatus, in which the lower portion is deleted from the upper portion of the upper bed and the lower portion of the lower bed; FIG. 12 is an enlarged view of the positioning pin of FIG. 11; FIGURE 13 is a chart representing the processes of the mold-pressing operation; and FIG. 14 is a front view of a second embodiment of the mold-pressing apparatus according to the present related to the invention.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A mold pressing apparatus with an electric servo motor and link mechanism for pressurizing and heating molding material to form an article comprising: an upper and a lower mold having heating means; a reversible electric servo motor capable of rotating in forward and reverse directions; a linking mechanism comprising a plurality of link assemblies which connect the motor to the lower mold by a rotation to reciprocation conversion means to drive the lower mold toward and away from the upper mold; a numeral control circuit connected to the motor, forming a mold-driving controller for controlling the movement of the mold; an upper-mold retention means for maintaining a predetermined clearance between said upper and lower molds by securely holding said upper mold against said lower mold using said upper-mold retention means inserted between said upper and lower molds, said upper-mold retention means comprising a plurality of cylindrical space holders each having a slot so that each space holder is longitudinally connectable to upper mold slide guides which extend vertically from said lower mold and extend through said upper mold. 2. 2. The mold-pressing apparatus in claim 1, wherein: the lower mold of said pressing mold moves along a plurality of guide posts which are vertically erected on a base of the mold-pressing apparatus; said rotation to reciprocation conversion means comprises a screw shaft surrounded by said guide posts, said screw shaft being rotated by a driving force from said electric servo motor; said rotation to reciprocation conversion means further comprises a follower connected to the screw shaft by screw threads; the plurality of link assemblies are symmetrically disposed around said screw shaft and follower; said link assemblies each comprise: an input-side linking arm having an end axially connected to said follower; an output-side linking arm having an end axially connected to said lower mold; and a supporting linking arm having an end axially connected to said mold-pressing apparatus, whereby each of said linking assemblies are synchronously operated by said screw shaft and follower by a driving force from said electric servo motor. 3. 3. The mold-pressing apparatus as in claim 1, wherein: said pressing mold is driven by said electric servo motor and moves along said guide posts which are vertically erected on a base of said mold-pressing apparatus; said plurality of link assemblies are symmetrically disposed around a center portion of the apparatus and are surrounded by said guide posts; each of said link assemblies comprise: a crank-shaped input-supporting linking arm which functions as said rotation to reciprocation conversion means and has an end axially connected to said electric servo motor; and an output-side linking arm having an end axially connected to the lower mold; wherein another end of said input-supporting linking arm and another end of said output-side linking arm are respectively connected to said link assembly whereby said lower mold is driven by synchronous operation of said plurality of said link assemblies. 4. 4. The mold-pressing apparatus as in claim 2 or 3, further comprising: a pressing-mold transfer means which horizontally transfers said pressing mold composed of the upper and lower molds between a pressing position and a mold-exchanging position; and a pressing mold positioning and fixing means which positions and fixes said pressing mold at said pressing position. 5. 5. The mold-pressing apparatus as in claim 4, wherein said pressing mold transfer means comprises: a plurality of air-jetted holes which jet compressed air from a compressed-air supply source; and a plurality of air-lifts provided along the horizontal transfer path of said pressing mold in order to lift said pressing mold and transfer it by means of compressed air jetted out of said air-jetting holes of said air-lifts.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176924</DOCNO><APP-NO>716825</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910617</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176924</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B29C 35/08</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>425174</PRI-USPC><CITATION>3182103/19650500	4315808/19820200</CITATION><INVENTOR>Williams; R. Lee</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Lectro Engineering Co.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Apparatus for plasma treatment of interior surfaces of hollow plastic objects</TITLE><ABST>An apparatus and method are provided for surface treating the inside surfaces of hollow or three dimensional plastic objects. While the invention will be described with respect to plastic objects, it will be understood that other objects having a high dielectric strength, such as ceramics, cardboard, paper and wood, may be similarly treated. The surface treating is effected by selectively directing a high voltage plasma field to a selected interior surface of the object to enhance adhesion of various glues, inks and the like. The plasma field is generated in the interior of a tunnel directed into an opening of the hollow portion of the object to be treated. A specially designed electrode is supported from the opening to direct in a controlled manner the field to the selected interior area of the object to be treated. The electrode is supported from a high dielectric shield covering a central area of the opening to direct the plasma field around the shield to a laterally extending electrode below the shield. The electrode is supported from the shield by a conductive rod and is fashioned to extend in a spaced relation to the interior of the object to provide a proper energy level in the plasma to the area to be treated. A plurality of electrodes may be utilized to treat separate and selected interior areas of the object.</ABST><SPEC>DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION The plasma field used in this invention is designed to electrically treat the surface of three dimensional plastic objects as well as other objects having a high dielectric strength as previously noted. When using the term "plastic object" in a general sense, it will be understood that such other objects having a high dielectric strength, such as ceramics, cardboard, paper, wood and the like, may be included. In the past the equipment was primarily used to treat blow molded containers. However, over the last few years, it has been found that it works equally well on injection molded, thermoformed and vacuum formed plastic parts. Unlike typical corona devices, the system does not use high frequency, so it is far safer for employees in a plant operation and close proximity to a treating electrode is not required. The equipment does not have the disadvantages that are experienced with flame treating such as shrinkage, warpage, dulling of high gloss finishes, and/or fire hazards due to open flame in the plant, and most importantly yields an even, consistent surface treatment to the plastic part. The system reaches a higher level of energy than all typical corona discharge devices. The equipment normally operates on an input electrical requirement of 240 volts, 60 cycle current which is transformed into high voltage and supplied to specially designed high voltage capacitor type plates in a treating tunnel such as shown in U.S. Pat. No. 3,484,363. The equipment such as standard Lectro Treat 16" consists of a dielectric "tunnel" that the parts to be treated pass through. The capacitor plates are situated parallel and covered with a perforated polyethylene shield which tends to distribute the corona discharge evenly throughout the air gap, creating a corona or high voltage low frequency plasma. The surface of a plastic object passing between the capacitor plates is bombarded by charged particles creating a treated surface. The equipment normally has two sets of capacitor plates, (but can be used with one set of capacitor plates) one set mounted 90 degrees to the other for vertical and horizontal electron flow. This arrangement allows 360 degree treatment of the part passing through the treating area. Equipment with horizontal or vertical electrical discharge only, can and has been designed for many applications where the plastic part does not require 360 degree treatment. The equipment is in fact an alternating current device, which applies a series of positive and negative charges to the plastic part which is in the treating tunnel and as the part exits the treating tunnel it will be neutral. However, as plastic is a good dielectric material, and treating does slightly dry out the treated plastic surface, static charges can easily attach themselves again to the treated plastic. Electrical operating parameters may be factory set for maximum operating efficiency. The only variable for treatment of the part is conveyor speed. Conveyor speed is variable so the surface treatment may be optimized for each particular situation. As the conveyor system is an integral part of the equipment, automation is easily achievable. The treating tunnel size can vary depending on the size, configuration, and production rates of the plastic parts to be treated. There is described below a typical example employing the electrode of this invention. EXAMPLE Surface treatment by the electrode of this invention was applied to the interior wall surface and interior bottom of a battery case cell made of polypropylene sufficient so that adhesion will take place between an epoxy used to glue the cell and the interior bottom of the battery case. Further surface treatment was applied to the upper 1/2" of the inside of the battery cell case so that adhesion will take place between an epoxy used to glue the lid to the battery case in male and female relation. A standard 16" Bulk Lectro-Treat manufactured by Lectro Engineering Co., St. Louis, MO, generally indicated by the reference numeral 10 in FIGS. 3 and 4 was used as a source of high voltage electrical plasma. This equipment provides both a vertical section and a horizontal section of directional, alternating electrical plasma in air. The electrical plasma is created by transforming 240 volts, single phase, 60 cycle electricity to 125,000 volts, single phase, 60 cycle electricity. This voltage is then supplied to capacitor type plates. Horizontal and vertical capacitor plates 12, and 14, respectively, are mounted 16" away from the other in the treating tunnel in the vertical or horizontal configuration. High voltage supplied to each capacitor plate is of the opposite polarity so that when one capacitor plate is being supplied +125,000 volts on a particular cycle the other capacitor plate is being supplied with -125,000 volts. This set up creates a minimum of 250,000 volts potential across the 16" air gap between the capacitor plates. With the effects of voltage doubling done by the capacitor plates, the minimum plasma voltage in the treating tunnel is approximately 500,000 volts, single phase, 60 cycle. Under normal operation this high voltage plasma will surround and pass over a plastic object as it is passed through the treating tunnel, oxidizing (surface treating) the outside surface of the plastic object. The inside of the plastic object will not be surface treated due to the fact that high voltage will travel only on the surface of any object unless there is a conductor present to attract the high voltage somewhere else. An electrode 20 as shown in FIG. 1 was configured so that when a battery case 22 as shown in FIG. 2 was passed through the high voltage plasma, some of the high voltage plasma would be attracted to the electrode and create an electrical plasma inside the battery case to surface treat the inside bottom and top 1/2" of the battery case in the areas 24 and 26 as indicated. A support and shield 28 was made out of cast acrylic for the electrode. The acrylic support was 11/4" wide by 3/4" thick and long enough to reach across the top of the battery case. Cast acrylic is used because of the unique dielectric capabilities and the high resistance to high voltage tracking. The acrylic support performs two functions, i.e., to suspend the horizontal electrode inside the battery case in the proper position so that a good electrical plasma would be generated in the areas that need surface treatment and to partially shield the electrode from the high voltage plasma so that a direct short in air from the capacitor plate to the electrode would not occur. However, a peripheral opening around the sides of the shield 28 into the battery case is provided for entry of a curtain or envelope of the plasma field to the electrode. The width and thickness of the acrylic support is critical for this reason. The vertical portion of the electrode was made of a conductive support rod of 12 gauge copper magnet wire 30. A hole was drilled in the acrylic support 1/4" deep and the wire was epoxied in to this hole. The length of the wire was determined by experimentation to have the best electrical plasma created in the interior bottom of the battery case. In this application the wire was 71/4" long so that the horizontal electrode 32 was suspended 11/4" above the bottom of the battery case when the electrode apparatus was placed in the battery case. The battery case was comprised of six cells, each measuring 61/4" long, 17/8" wide and 81/2" high with an electrode and shield employed for each cell. The lower horizontal electrode 32 and an upper electrode 34 were made of 0.020 soft copper sheet and were 1/2" wide and 51/2" long, with the ends rounded with no sharp corners. The length and width of the horizontal electrodes are determined by the size of the inside area to be surface treated so that the optimum electrical plasma will emit from them to surface treat the areas needing treatment. It will be understood that the horizontal electrodes are not always rectangular. When the inside surface is square or round the electrode may or may not be shaped congruently. The thickness of the walls of the plastic to be treated must be taken into consideration as well as any "electrically weak areas" such as a corner. If the electrode is not sized and configured properly poor surface treatment will occur or a hole will be burned through the wall of the plastic part. The distance of the horizontal electrode from the surface to be treated can also cause the same problems. Also as in the case of treating the inside of a battery case having a plurality of cells, multiple suspended electrodes must be used, one suspended inside each cell cavity. The distance between horizontal electrodes between cells is also critical and has to be taken into account so that electrical arcing does not occur between cell horizontal electrodes. This could result in burning through the wall of the battery cell. USE The electrode is placed in the battery case with the shield 28 supported upon the open top. The battery case with the electrode apparatus is then placed on the conveyor 40 of the plasma generating apparatus 10 with the conveyor moving at approximately four feet per minute. The speed of the conveyor is important in that the longer the object to be treated is in the electrical plasma, the higher the level of surface treatment achieved. As the battery case 22 with electrode 20 passes in to the vertical discharge electrical plasma some of the electrical plasma is attracted to the conductive vertical wire portion 30 of the electrode apparatus. This electricity travels down the wire to the horizontal electrode 32 soldered on to the end of the wire. An electrical plasma is sprayed from the edges of the horizontal electrode toward the bottom of the battery case. The electrical plasma sprays out due to the relationship that underneath the battery case and underneath the conveyor the battery case is on, is a capacitor plate 12 at opposite potential from the electrical plasma from the electricity supplied to the electrode apparatus by the capacitor plate above the battery case and electrode. With the electrode being suspended close to the bottom the electrical plasma completely covers the bottom of the battery case and surface treats the interior bottom very effectively because it is strongly attracted to the opposite potential beneath the battery case. The electrical plasma is created rather than just an electrical arc because there is no "easy" path for this to occur, so the electricity spreads out or becomes a plasma trying to reach the opposite potential. As the battery case with the electrode apparatus passes into the horizontal plasma discharge area of the apparatus 10 the same thing happens as above, only this time, because the electrical plasma is horizontal, the inside walls of the battery case are surface treated. In actual practice, the experimentation needed to design an electrode apparatus for a given inside treating project is fairly simple involving only routine trial and error until the best results of surface treatment are achieved. Determination of surface treatment levels needed is dictated by the adhesive, ink, decorative coatings being used, i.e. epoxy, glue or the like. There are various methods of measuring surface treatment. The purpose of surface treatment is to increase the surface tension so that adhesion will occur when the adhesive is applied. Surface tension is normally measured in dynes per cm squared. This correlates to the energy necessary for a drop of liquid to flow out over the surface to be treated. The further the liquid spreads out, the higher the surface tension. There are also several tests used that are specified in ASTM Standards such as the aforementioned surface tension test in ASTM D-2578-67 and tape test in ASTM D-3359-87. In the latter an example would be to spray a given ink on the surface, apply a tape over the ink and pull the tape away. If the ink does not pull away from the surface then you would have good surface treatment. Various changes and modifications may be made within this invention as will be apparent to those skilled in the art. Such changes and modifications are within the scope and teaching of this invention as defined in the claims appended hereto. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION It is well known that plastic surfaces such as various polyolefins have poor adhesion with other materials. The modification of plastic surfaces by electrical discharge to improve adhesion or decoration has had wide commercial use. The use of specially designed electrical discharge equipment for surface treating plastics for a myriad of adhesives has been met with great success in the container, medical, toy and automotive industries. The modification of plastic surfaces by various methods to improve adhesion has been in existence in the converting and packaging industry for some time, and has been gaining considerable acceptance in other industries, such as the automotive industry. Although there has been extensive research done on treated polymer surfaces, a basic understanding of the mechanism by which surface treatment improves adhesion is limited. The reason for this lack of understanding is that the surface treatment process affects only the upper few hundred angstroms of a polymer surface and chemical analysis is difficult. However, surface treatment as used in this invention is generally defined as the preparation of a plastic surface by exposure to an electrical field to effect oxidization or other molecular changes in order to allow maximum adhesion between itself and other materials such as glue, inks, coatings and the like. Application of an electrical field to provide such surface treatment is well shown in Leach & Williams U.S. Pat. No. 3,428,801 and Williams U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,715,306 and 3,722,661. Such treatment may be carried out in a conveyor tunnel for continuous treatment of a series of plastic objects such as Williams U.S. Pat. No. 3,722,661. While such surface treatment has proved effective for the treatment of exterior surfaces, it has proven to be a problem to effectively treat the interior surfaces of hollow plastic objects particularly in a continuous system employing a conveyor tunnel for treatment. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION By means of this invention, there has been provided an electrode and method for use with high voltage low frequency plasma generating apparatus for surface treating of the interior surfaces of hollow or three dimensional plastic objects. The surface treatment is designed to raise the surface tension level of the hollow object to provide adequate adhesion with various glues of one kind or another, inks and decorative coatings or the like on the interior surfaces. While the invention will be described with respect to plastic objects, it will be understood that other objects having a high dielectric strength, such as ceramics, cardboard, paper and wood, may be similarly treated. The plasma field is of the type that may be typically generated in the order of 250,000 volts and 60 cycle using conventional equipment for receiving the plastic objects, such as a tunnel in which the plasma field is obtained and a conveyor for moving the plastic objects through the tunnel for the treatment of a selected time period. The surface treatment obtained by the invention is directed by a specially designed electrode against particular targeted interior areas such as an inner peripheral band or a plurality of bands spaced from one another, such that glue or adhesive applied to these areas will adhere and hold another object to be glued to the interior of the treated plastic object. When speaking of glue or adhesive, it will be understood that this generally includes decorative coatings, ink or the like. The electrode of the invention is comprised of a highly conductive material such as copper and typically extends from a central area of the hollow object to close proximity to the interior surface to be treated. If a treated band is desired the electrode may be generally congruent with the interior of the plastic object. Where a plurality of correspondingly spaced electrodes may be employed a plurality of separated treated interior bands may be obtained. In order to support the electrode and also to control and direct the plasma field to the interior of the hollow plastic object a support shield is employed. The shield is of a high dielectric capacity, and as an example, an acrylic shield may be employed which may be supported across an opening of the hollow plastic object while leaving openings between the shield and walls of the plastic object through which the plasma field may be directed in the form of a curtain or envelope into the hollow portion of the plastic object toward the electrode. The shield also serves to support the electrode which is supported by a rod or the like extending from the bottom of the shield to the electrode. The rod is formed of a conductive material such as copper and further aids in directing the plasma field to the electrode which then serves to collect or concentrate the field against the selected interior surface to be treated. A plurality of electrodes may be employed by supporting them at selected positions on the support rod. The electrode and invention of this invention are designed for employment with various types of plastic hollow objects to be surface treated such as boxes, spheres, containers, irregular shapes and the like since the electrode and support shield may be easily designed to be supported within the interior of the hollow object in the desired spaced relation. The electrode and support shield may be simply employed with high voltage low frequency plasma apparatus for the desired treatment with relative simplicity and efficiency. The above features are objects of this invention. Further objects will appear in the detailed description which follows and will be otherwise apparent to those skilled in the art. For purpose of illustration of this invention a preferred embodiment is shown and described hereinbelow in the accompanying drawing. It is to be understood that this is for the purpose of example only and that the invention is not limited thereto. IN THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a pictorial view of the electrode and shield of this invention; FIG. 2 is a pictorial view of a hollow plastic case with which the electrode and shield may be used; FIG. 3 is a pictorial view of a high voltage low frequency plasma tunnel within which the hollow plastic case is surface treated by the electrode; and FIG. 4 is a pictorial view similar to FIG. 3 showing the application of the high voltage low frequency to the capacitor plates in the plasma tunnel.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. In an apparatus for surface treating objects having a high dielectric strength to improve adhesion characteristics which comprises means for creating a high voltage low frequency plasma field around said object, the improvement which comprises an electrode for surface treating the interior of hollow objects having a high dielectric strength by directing said plasma field against a selected interior surface of said object, said electrode being supported from an insulating shield supported about an opening of said object, said electrode extending toward and being in spaced relation to an interior surface of the object to be treated. 2. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said insulating shield is a plastic material having a high dielectric strength. 3. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said insulating shield is an acrylic plastic. 4. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said insulating shield covers a central portion of said opening and said spaced relation to the interior surface of the object provides a communication path for the plasma to the electrode. 5. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 in which a plurality of electrodes are supported in spaced relation from one another, each of said electrodes extending toward a selected inside surface of the object to provide separately treated inside surfaces. 6. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said electrode extends laterally toward said surface and has a periphery spaced from the interior surface of said object and generally congruent with the surface to be treated. 7. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said electrode is supported from a lower portion of a conductive support rod extending from said support shield. 8. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 in which said conductive support rod is constructed of copper. 9. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said electrode is in the form of a conductive plate having a peripheral edge uniformly spaced from the interior surface to be treated and extending generally congruent thereto. 10. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 in which said electrode is supported from a lower portion of a support rod extending from said support shield and said conductive support rod and electrode are copper. 11. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 in which a plurality of electrodes are supported in spaced relation from one another, each of said electrodes extending toward a selected inside surface of the object to provide separately treated inside surfaces. 12. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 in which a tunnel is provided in which the plasma field is created, and a conveyor extends through the tunnel for supporting said plastic objects and said electrode and moving them through the tunnel while being subjected to said surface treatment for a selected period of time.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176925</DOCNO><APP-NO>857434</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19920325</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176925</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B29C 47/14</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>425191</PRI-USPC><CITATION>2702408/19550200	3834849/19740900	3918867/19751100	4197069/19900400	4217322/19800800	4364722/19821200	4883421/19891100	5059371/19911000</CITATION><INVENTOR>Weber; Keith B.<tab>Baran; Robert L.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Amphenol Corporation</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Extrusion die with static mixer insert</TITLE><ABST>A die for use in an extrusion process is disclosed wherein the die is formed with a flow channel, a portion of which is defined by a removable insert. The insert includes a static mixer arrangement over a predetermined portion thereof in order to create a turbulence in the extruded material to produce a sheet or film having a uniform cross-section. The static mixer arrangement can be included of variously shaped projections which are secured to respective removable inserts. Since the insert defines a portion of the flow channel, the size and shape of the land associated with the die can also be varied.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS With initial reference to FIG. 1, shown therein is a die according to the present invention. The die includes a main body portion 1 and a cover member (not shown) as will be described in detail below. Main body portion 1 includes a connector head 5 for use in securing main body portion 1 to an extruder by any means known in the art. Main body portion 1 further includes an annular shaft portion 8 integrally formed with connector head 5, a pair of opposing, diverging side wall portions 15, 20 and a pair of opposing, substantially parallel side wall portions 25, 30. As previously stated, the die of the present invention is formed of main body portion 1 and a cover section (not shown) which is adapted to be fixed to upper surface 40 of main body portion 1 by means of holes 50-55 formed in upper surface 40. Main body portion 1 includes a longitudinally extending flow conduit 60 having an inlet port 65 formed in connector head 5 and an outlet port 70. Outlet port 70 opens into a flow channel 80 which includes a first channel portion having a base 85 and side walls 87, 89 and a second channel portion defined by an insert 95. Insert 95 includes a top surface portion 100 which is co-planar flush with upper surface 40 of main body portion 1. Insert 95 is fixedly secured to main body portion 1 by any means known in the art such as screws 102. Insert 95 includes a base 105 which is co-planar with first base portion 85. Insert 95 further includes a pair of opposing, diverging side wall portions 110, 115 and terminating wall portions 125, 130 as will be discussed more fully below. As shown in FIG. 1, side walls 87 and 89 of the first channel portion and side wall portions 110, 115 of insert 95 not only diverge from adjacent outlet port 70 longitudinally of main body portion 1, but also converge along their lengths to a height defining the vertical distance between a land 140, formed at the end of insert 95, and top surface 100, i.e., the height of terminating wall portions 125, 130. Obviously, the height of terminating wall portions 125, 130 define the thickness of the sheet or film to be extruded. With reference to FIGS. 1 and 2, fixedly secured to and extending upwardly from base 105 of insert 95 is a static mixer arrangement in the form of upstanding projections 145. In this embodiment, projections 145 take the form of upstanding cylindrical pins which are composed of first, second, third and fourth longitudinally spaced sets 150, 160, 170 and 180 respectively. As shown, the pins in each set are substantially, equally spaced as are each set of pins. The height of the pin between sets 150, 160, 170 and 180 vary to correspond to the height of diverging sidewall portions 110 and 115. In addition, the tops of the pins are formed co-planar with top surface 100 of insert 95. Therefore, when the cover member is secured to upper surface 40 of main body portion 1, the tops of each pin in pin sets 150, 160, 170 and 180 will abut or at least extend closely adjacent to the underside of the cover member. FIG. 3 represents a second insert embodiment according to the invention generally indicated at 200. Insert 200 has two laterally spaced holes 205 formed therethrough for removably securing insert 200 to main body 1 in the same manner described above with reference to the insert embodiment shown in FIGS. 1 and 2. The FIG. 3 embodiment is intended to show various additional aspects of the present invention. First, projections 210 of insert 200 are triangular in shape. Each triangular shaped projection 210 includes an apex which is aligned perpendicular to the direction of flow so as to readily divert the material thereabout. Second, insert 200 is formed with a shorter land width. Therefore, the FIG. 3 embodiment illustrates that differently shaped projections can be formed on the insert and the insert can be shaped so as to enable selection of lands having varying widths. In addition, the number of rows of projections 210 can be varied. FIG. 4 represents a third insert embodiment according to the present invention generally indicated at 300. Like inserts 95 and 200, insert 300 includes means for attaching the insert to main body portion 1 such as holes 305 for receiving screws 102. Insert 300 of FIG. 3 depicts projections 310 which are substantially diamond-shaped and is formed with a land area 315 which is longer in the center of the flow channel (as indicated by the dotted line) to aid in reducing flow through the center of the die without increasing shear. By the above description, it can be readily seen that various inserts having various shapes can be used with a single main die body portion in order to control the flow characteristics of the extruded material through the die depending upon the particular material used or thickness desired. The static mixer functions to create a turbulent flow of the extruded melt in a downstream portion of the flow channel to prevent the type of flow gradients associated with the prior art as discussed above. In the preferred embodiment, the volumetric flow area present at outlet port 70 is maintained constant along the entire length of the flow channel by the use of the diverging walls 87, 89, 110 and 115 with varying heights as discussed above. It is also possible to have the volumetric flow area decrease from outlet port 70 to the end of the extrusion die to provide a slight back pressure if desired. Although various preferred embodiments of the invention have been described, it is to be understood that various changes and/or modifications can be made without departing from the spirit of the invention. In general, the invention is only intended to be limited by the scope of the following claims. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention pertains to the art of extrusion and, more particularly, to a die for use in an extrusion process. 2. Discussion of the Prior Art In extruding a synthetic resin film, it is highly desirable to obtain a substantially uniform cross-section of the sheet or film. When extruding polymer films, for example, the natural tendency is for the warmest portion of the flowing material to travel more rapidly in the center of the flow channel of the die while the coolest portion of the melt travels more slowly along the outer part of the channel. This, of course, results in the formation of an undesirable non-uniform cross-section. In one known prior art arrangement, as represented by U.S. Pat. No. 4,217,322, the die is designed to split the extruded material into two streams adjacent the entrance to the die. The two streams are then caused to flow along the edges of the die and are joined again upstream behind a dam. The dam is a narrow restriction just behind the outlet of the die. This type of arrangement has become known as a "coat hanger die". By first splitting and then restricting the melt stream, a coat hanger type die achieves a substantially uniform flow of the melt from the die. Unfortunately, the use of the dam creates an area of high shear. Since the shear rate over the dam is inversely proportional to the square of the restriction height, as the dam becomes more restricted, the shear rate increases. Since the dam must be restricted to provide the uniform flow, a rather large shear rate is inherent in such a die arrangement. This may not present a problem in extruding various materials, however, it does create a problem in the extrusion of sheets or films which are formed from shear sensitive thermoplastic polymers such as FEP (Fluroinated Ethylene Propylene). It has heretobefore been proposed to provide a static mixer to create a more uniform melt flow in these known coat hanger dies. These mixers are usually located within the barrel of the extruder, downstream from the end of the extruder screw. These mixers function by creating a turbulent flow in the melt stream in an attempt to prevent the gradient flow velocity described above. Unfortunately, once the molten polymer leaves the mixer, it immediately begins to form temperature gradients which again lead to non-uniform flow rates. Therefore, there exists a need in the art for an extrusion die which can produce a sheet or film of uniform melt flow and which overcomes the problems associated with the prior art. In particular, there exists a need for a die which can be used to extrude a thermoplastic polymer material having a uniform cross-section without increasing shear rates. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention pertains to a die for use in producing an extruded sheet or film having a uniform thickness and melt flow. More particularly, the present invention contemplates the direct extrusion of a thin cross-section film from shear sensitive thermoplastic polymers by incorporating a low shear static mixer in the extrusion die. The static mixer is located downstream of the inlet to the die and takes the form of a plurality of projections which extend upwardly from a base portion of the die. In a preferred embodiment, these projections extend upwardly from a removable insert which forms a portion of the die flow channel. The insert also defines the land of the die and therefore, by providing different inserts, not only the particular shape, number and distance between the projections can be varied, but also the length of the die land. Further details and advantages of the present invention will be more readily apparent in the discussion of preferred embodiments of the invention with reference to the following figures. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 shows a prospective view of the die according to the present invention; FIG. 2 shows a top view of the insert mounted in the die of FIG. 1; FIG. 3 shows a top view of a die insert according to a second embodiment of the invention; and FIG. 4 shows a top view of a die insert according to a third embodiment of the invention.</SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A die for use in an extrusion process comprising a main body portion having an input flow conduit opening into a longitudinally extending flow channel, said flow channel having a base portion with a static mixer section and upstanding side walls, said static mixer section including a plurality of projections extending upwardly from said base portion, at least some of said projections being longitudinally spaced within said static mixer section. 2. 2. A die as claimed in claim 1, wherein said plurality of projections are inwardly spaced from said side walls. 3. 3. A die as claimed in claim 2, wherein said longitudinally spaced projections vary in height. 4. 4. A die as claimed in claim 3, wherein said plurality of projections comprise cylindrical pins. 5. 5. A die as claimed in claim 3, wherein said plurality of projections are triangular in cross-section. 6. 6. A die as claimed in claim 3, wherein said plurality of projection are diamond-shaped in cross-section. 7. 7. A die as claimed in claim 3, further comprising an insert removably secured to said main body portion, said static mixer section being formed on said insert. 8. 8. A die as claimed in claim 7, wherein said insert is formed with an extrusion land, said plurality of projections being longitudinally spaced from said land. 9. 9. A die as claimed in claim 2, wherein said side walls of said flow channel diverge over a predetermined portion thereof from said inlet conduit. 10. 10. A die for use in an extrusion process comprising a main body portion having an input flow conduit opening into a longitudinally extending flow channel, at least a portion of said flow channel being defined by and comprising a removable insert wherein said insert includes a base portion and upstanding side walls and further comprising a static mixer comprising a plurality of longitudinally spaced projection extending upwardly from said base portion. 11. 11. A die as claimed in claim 10, wherein said plurality of projections are inwardly spaced from said side walls. 12. 12. A die as claimed in claim 11, wherein said longitudinally spaced projections vary in height. 13. 13. A die as claimed in claim 12, wherein said plurality of projections comprise cylindrical pins. 14. 14. A die as claimed in claim 12, wherein said plurality of projections are triangular in cross-section. 15. 15. A die as claimed in claim 12, wherein said plurality of projection are diamond-shaped in cross-section. 16. 16. A die as claimed in claim 10, wherein said insert is formed with an extrusion land, said plurality of projections being longitudinally spaced from said land.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176926</DOCNO><APP-NO>822150</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19920117</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176926</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B29C 47/12</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>425461</PRI-USPC><CITATION>2939201/19600600	2945739/19600700	2959839/19601100	3097416/19630700	3109220/19631100	3249669/19660500	3418200/19681200	3994122/19761100	4245001/19810100	4316924/19820200	4332761/19820600	4492731/19850100</CITATION><INVENTOR>Tung; Wae-Hai</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>E. I. Du Pont de Nemours and Company</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Spinnerets for producing trilobal and tetralobal filaments exhibiting low glitter and high bulk</TITLE><ABST>The present invention relates to spinnerets for forming synthetic filaments having a trilobal or tetralobal cross-sectional shape with substantial convex curves, connected by cusps, along the contour of each lobe. The filaments are especially suitable for making carpets which exhibit low glitter, high bulk, and resistance to fibrillation. The spinnerets have a central circular orifice with three or four radial slots radiating from the orifice. Peripheral orifices are located on the longitudinal axis of each radial slot.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION The filaments of this invention are generally prepared by spinning molten polymer or polymer solutions through spinneret capillaries which are designed to provide the desired trilobal or tetralobal cross-section of the filament. The filaments may be prepared from synthetic, thermoplastic polymers which are melt-spinnable. These polymers include, for example, polyolefins such as polypropylene, polyamides such as polyhexamethylenediamine adipamide (nylon 66) and polycaprolactam (nylon 6), and polyesters such as polyethylene terephthalate. Copolymers, terpolymers, and melt blends of such polymers are also suitable. Polymers which form solutions, such as polyacrylonitrile, may also be used. These polymer solutions are dry-spun into filaments. Generally, in the melt spinning process, the molten polymer is extruded into air or other gas, or into a suitable liquid, where it is cooled and solidified. Suitable quenching gasses and liquids include, for example, air at room temperature, chilled air, and water. In the dry spinning process, the polymer solution is extruded as a continuous stream into a heated chamber to remove the solvent; thus, a solid filament is formed. It is recognized that the specific spinning conditions, e.g., viscosity, rate of extrusion, quenching, etc. will vary depending upon the polymer used. The polymer spinning dopes may also contain conventional additives, such as antioxidants, dyes, pigments, antistatic agents, ultraviolet (UV) stabilizers, etc. Referring to FIG. 4, an example of a suitable spinneret capillary for forming the filaments of this invention is illustrated. The capillary includes a central circular orifice (1) with three substantially equally spaced radial slots (2), (3), and (4) radiating from the central orifice (1). Along each slot, there are one or more peripheral circular orifices. FIG. 4 shows three "first" peripheral orifices (5), (6), and (7), and three "second" peripheral orifices (8), (9), and (10). By the term, "first peripheral orifice(s)" it is meant the orifices located away from the center, which are adjacent to the central orifice. By the term "second peripheral orifice(s)", it is meant the orifices located away from the center, which are adjacent to the first peripheral orifices. All of the peripheral circular orifices are substantially centered on the longitudinal axis of their corresponding slot. The peripheral orifices may have substantially equal dimensions, as shown in FIGS. 4, 6, and 7, or may have unequal dimensions, as shown in FIG. 5. The radial slots also have substantially equal dimensions. The orifices and slots of the spinneret capillary typically have the following dimensions. The central circular orifice may have a diameter in the range of about 0.01 to 0.02 inches, while the peripheral circular orifices may have a diameter in the range of about 0.005 to 0.02 inches. Each slot typically has a length of about 0.02 to 0.03 inches, and a width of about 0.002 to 0.003 inches. It is necessary for both the orifices and slots of the spinneret capillary to meet the following criteria: A/B.gtoreq.3.5, and C/B.gtoreq.6 where C=diameter of the central orifice; B=width of the connecting radial slots; and A=diameter of a first peripheral orifice. Filaments spun from capillaries having dimensions other than the above-stated ratios tend to have cross-sections which cause high glitter or are susceptible to fibrillation under traffic. However, it is understood that specific dimensions and ratios, within the above ranges, may vary depending upon such factors as polymer type, viscosity, and quench medium. High viscosity polymers and water-quench spinning require lower orifice diameter to radial slot width ratios, than low viscosity polymers and air-quench spinning. The desired "modification ratio" for the resulting filaments is also an important factor. By the term, "modification ratio" (MR), it is meant the ratio of the radius of a circle which circumscribes the filament cross-section to the radius of the largest circle which can be inscribed within the filament cross-section, as disclosed in Holland, U.S. Pat. No. 2,939,201. The central and peripheral orifices may have equal dimensions as shown in FIG. 6. However, as shown in FIGS. 4, 5, and 7, the central circular orifice preferably has a diameter larger than the peripheral circular orifices in order to better strengthen the resulting fiber. In a particularly desirable configuration, the diameter of the central orifice is larger than the diameter of a first peripheral orifice (21) which, in turn, is larger than the diameter of a second peripheral orifice (22), as shown in FIG. 5. The larger diameter of the central orifice and smaller diameters of the peripheral orifices at the extremities provide for a relatively low modification ratio in the filament. In another embodiment, as shown in FIGS. 8 and 9, the capillary includes a central circular orifice with four, rather than three, substantially equally spaced radial slots radiating from the central orifice. Along each slot, there are one or more peripheral circular orifices. These capillaries may produce tetralobal filaments in accordance with this invention. It is also understood that the above-described spinneret capillaries may be modified to provide filaments having cross-sections, as shown in FIGS. 4A-7A. For example, the orifices may have a square, pentagonal, or hexagonal shape, provided that the polymer has sufficient surface tension to form cross-sections, as shown in FIGS. 4A-7A. As shown in FIGS. 4A-7A, it is critical that the resulting filaments be essentially free of flat surfaces. It is also critical that the central and peripheral orifices be connected by slots in order that the polymer streams fuse together before passing through the bottom of the capillary. This provides for the trilobal and tetralobal filaments having high bulk as well as low glitter. In contrast, conventional techniques for producing ribbon-like filaments, as discussed in the aforementioned Craig, U.S. Pat. No. 2,959,839 and Jamieson, U.S. Pat. No. 3,249,669, involve fusing the polymer stream above the spinneret capillary. However, the degree of polymer coalescence depends upon such conditions as the viscosity and temperature of the polymer, the spacing of the orifices, and the quenching conditions. For example, if the viscosity is low and the polymer temperature is high, the streams will fuse together strongly, but the cusps will be shallow and the fiber surface will exhibit high glitter. On the other hand, if the viscosity is high and the polymer temperature is low, the fiber surface will exhibit low glitter. However, the streams will have fused together so poorly that the resulting filaments will readily separate and fibrillate during texturing, or under normal wear conditions, giving a fuzzy carpet surface. The polymer flows through the specifically designed orifices and slots to produce a corresponding filament as shown, for example, in FIG. 4A. The filaments have a central circular member (11) and three substantially equally spaced lobes (12), (13), and (14). These essentially symmetrical lobes, or arms, are integrally joined at a central point. Each lobe includes one or more circular segments (15), (16), (17), (18), (19), and (20) having cusps (23) and (24) at their junctions. The trilobal and tetralobal filaments of this invention have a modification ratio of about 1.2 to 4.5, and are further characterized by the presence of substantial convex curves, connected by cusps, along the contour of each lobe. These bulges and depressions which form along the filament's contour can be measured in terms of "curvature reversals per lobe." By the term, "curvature reversals per lobe", it is meant the fixed points on a lobe of the filament, where a point tracing the curve of the lobe would reverse its direction of motion. Referring to FIG. 4A, these curvature reversals are identified as cusps (23) and (24). The filaments generally have about 2 to 20 curvature reversals per lobe, and are essentially free of flat surfaces. It is believed that the low glittering, high bulk, and resistance to fibrillation capabilities of the filaments in this invention are due to this unique structure. The filaments are generally uniform in cross-section along their length and may be used for several different applications, including carpet, textile, or non-woven uses. For carpet applications, the filaments may be uncrimped, or crimped in order to provide additional bulk to the carpet yarn. The carpet yarn may be in the form of bulked continuous filament (BCF) yarn or staple fiber yarn. It is also recognized that the filaments of this invention may be blended with each other, or with other filaments to form filament blends. The crimping, or texturing, of the yarn may occur by techniques known in the art including, for example, hot air-jet bulking, gear-crimping, or stuffer-box methods. When the fiber of this invention is primarily intended for use as carpet yarn, the denier per filament (dpf) will preferably be in the range of 6 to 25, while the total yarn denier will be at least about 500. The carpet yarns are then tufted into a carpet backing material by techniques known in the art. The yarn may be inserted as loops to form loop-pile carpets. For cut-pile carpets, the loops may be cut to form substantially parallel vertical tufts which are then evenly sheared to a desired height. The carpets made from the yarns of this invention are essentially free of glitter, have high bulk, and are resistant to fibrillation. Testing Methods Carpet Glitter and Bulk Ratings The degrees of bulk and glitter for different cut-pile carpet samples were visually compared in a side-by-side comparison without knowledge of which carpets were made with which yarns. The carpets were examined by a panel of people familiar with carpet construction and surface texture. Carpet samples composed of round cross-section fibers were chosen as reference points and given a rating of no glitter and low bulk. For bulk, the remaining samples were given a subjective rating of either low, medium, or high. For glitter, the remaining samples were given a subjective rating of none, low, medium, or high. Relative Viscosity The relative viscosity (RV) of nylon 66 was measured by dissolving 5.5 grams of nylon 66 polymer in 50 cc of formic acid. The RV is the ratio of the absolute viscosity of the nylon 66/formic acid solution to the absolute viscosity of the formic acid. Both absolute viscosities were measured at 250.degree. C. EXAMPLES Examples 1-7 In the following Examples, nylon 66 filaments having various cross-sections were produced. The nylon 66 filaments were spun from different spinnerets. Each spinneret had 160 capillaries of a specific design, as shown in FIGS. 1-7. The nylon 66 polymer used for all of the examples was a bright polymer. The polymer spin dope did not contain any delusterant and had a relative viscosity (RV) of 68.+-.3 units. The polymer temperature before the spinning pack was controlled at about 290.degree.-1.degree. C., and the spinning throughput was 70 pounds per hour. The polymer was extruded through the different spinnerets and divided into two 80 filament segments The capillary dimensions for the spinnerets are described below. The molten fibers were then rapidly quenched in a chimney, where cooling air at 9.degree. C. was blown past the filaments at 300 cubic ft./min (0.236 cubic m/sec). The filaments were pulled by a feed roll rotating at a surface speed of 800 yd./min (732 m/min) through the quench zone and then were coated with a lubricant for drawing and crimping. The coated yarns were drawn at 2197 yds./min (2.75.times.draw ratio) using a pair of heated (220.degree. C.) draw rolls. The yarns were then forwarded into a dual-impingement bulking jet (240.degree. C. hot air), similar to that described in Coon, U.S. Pat. No. 3,525,134, to form two 1200 denier, 15 denier per filament (dpf) yarns. The spun, drawn, and crimped bulked continuous filament (BCF) yarns were cable-twisted to 5.75 turns per inch (tpi) on a cable twister and heat-set on a Superba heat-setting machine at the standard process conditions for nylon 66 BCF yarns. The test yarns were then tufted into 40 oz./sq. yd., 5/8 inch pile height carpets on a 1/8 inch gauge cut pile tufting machine. The tufted carpets were dyed in a range dyer into medium mauve color carpets. The carpet aesthetics were assessed by a panel of experts and the results are shown in Table I. EXAMPLE 1 (COMPARATIVE) Filaments having a round cross-section, as shown in FIG. 1A, were made using the above-described process. The filaments were spun through a spinneret capillary, as shown in FIG. 1, having a round orifice of 0.010 inches in diameter. EXAMPLE 2 (COMPARATIVE) Filaments having a trilobal cross-section, as shown in FIG. 2A, were made using the above-described process The filaments were spun through a spinneret capillary, as shown in FIG. 2, having three integrally joined arms (lobes) which were essentially symmetrical. The arms had a width of 0.008 inches and a length of 0.017 inches. EXAMPLE 3 (COMPARATIVE) Filaments having a tetralobal cross-section, as shown in FIG. 3A, were made using the above-described process. The filaments were spun through a spinneret capillary, as shown in FIG. 3, having four integrally joined arms (lobes) which were essentially symmetrical. The arms had a width of 0.010 inches and a length of 0.025 inches. EXAMPLE 4 Filaments having a trilobal cross-section, as shown in FIG. 4A, were made using the above-described process. The filaments were spun through a spinneret capillary, as shown in FIG. 4, having the following dimensions. The central orifice (1) had a diameter of 0.020 inches, and the slots (2-4) had widths of 0.002 inches. The first and second peripheral orifices (5-10) had diameters of 0.015 inches. The distance from the center point of a first peripheral orifice, e.g., (5), along the slot, to the center point of a second peripheral orifice, e.g., (8) was 0.0210 inches. The distance from the center point of the central orifice, along the slot, to the center point of the first peripheral orifices was 0.0235 inches. EXAMPLE 5 Filaments having a trilobal cross-section, as shown in FIG. 5A, were made using the above-described process. The filaments were spun through a spinneret capillary., as shown in FIG. 5, having the following dimensions. The central orifice had a diameter of 0.0170 inches, and the slots had widths of 0.0025 inches. The first peripheral orifice, e.g., (21) had a diameter of 0.0090 inches, and the second peripheral orifice, e.g., (22) had a diameter of 0.0070 inches. The distance from the center point of the first peripheral orifice, along the slot, to the center point of the second peripheral orifice was 0.0255 inches. The distance from the center point of the central orifice, along the slot, to the center point of the first peripheral orifices was 0.0285 inches. EXAMPLE 6 Filaments having a trilobal cross-section, as shown in FIG. 6A, were made using the above-described process. The filaments were spun through a spinneret capillary, as shown in FIG. 6, having the following dimensions. The central orifice had a diameter of 0.0150 inches, and the slots had widths of 0.0025 inches. The peripheral orifices had diameters of 0.0150 inches. The distance from the center point of the central orifice to the center point of the peripheral orifices was 0.0285 inches. EXAMPLE 7 Filaments having a trilobal cross-section, as shown in FIG. 7A, were made using the above-described process. The filaments were spun through a spinneret capillary, as shown in FIG. 7, having the following dimensions. The central orifice had a diameter of 0.0170 inches, and the slots had widths of 0.0025 inches. The peripheral orifices had a diameter of 0.0090 inches. The distance from the center point of the central orifice to the center point of the peripheral orifices was 0.0285 inches. TABLE I ______________________________________ Example Cross-section Glitter Bulk ______________________________________ 1 (Comparative) Round None Low 2 (Comparative) 1.7 MR* trilobal High Medium 3 (Comparative) 1.5 MR tetralobal High Medium 4 2.6 MR trilobal None High 5 2.4 MR trilobal None High 6 2.0 MR trilobal Low High 7 1.6 MR trilobal Low Medium-High ______________________________________ *MR--Modification Ratio 74 758268 19910827 01 5108838 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention relates to synthetic filaments having a trilobal or tetralobal cross-sectional shape with substantial convex curves, connected by cusps, along the contour of each lobe. The filaments are especially suitable for making carpets which exhibit low glitter, high bulk, and resistance to fibrillation. 2. Description of the Related Art Fibers, or filaments, having trilobal and tetralobal cross-sections have been widely used for carpet yarns due to their bulk and covering power advantages over fibers having round or ribbon cross-sections. However, conventional trilobal and tetralobal filaments contain lobes having cross-sectional contours which are generally flat, or only slightly concave or convex. As a result, at certain viewing angles, a specular reflection from these fiber surfaces creates a "glittering" and frosty appearance on the carpet yarns which is objectionable to many carpet buyers. By the term, "glittering", it is meant the specks of light perceived on yarns when intense light is directed at the yarn. This is due to minute fiber sections acting as mirrors or reflecting prisms. The term, "glittering", should not be confused with the term, "luster". By the term, "luster", it is meant the overall glow of the fiber from reflected light. Fibers are commonly referred to as having a bright or dull luster, but may or may not be free of glitter. Examples of trilobal and tetralobal fibers having a high degree of glitter, or sparkle, are respectively disclosed by Bankar et al., U.S. Pat. No. 4,492,731, and McKinney, U.S. Pat. No. 3,109,220. When such high glitter fibers are dyed or pigmented, specular reflection gives the impression that the fiber color is lighter than its true color. Thus, additional dye or pigment is required to compensate for the reflective properties of the fibers. Furthermore, specular reflection is especially visible in highly crimped yarns which are needed to confer high bulk and covering power on premium grade carpets. Those skilled in the art have proposed many different ways to reduce specular reflection from the surface of fibers. For example, filaments having round cross-sections typically exhibit less specular reflection and have a more subdued luster. However, due to bulk and covering power deficiencies, these fibers are not widely chosen for use in carpets. It is also known to add various delusterants, such as titanium dioxide, to the polymer spinning dopes when preparing trilobal and tetralobal fibers. Although these fibers show a more subdued luster, they also have an undesirable chalky appearance. a crimped polyamide staple filament mixture comprising Shah, U.S. Pat. No. 3,994,122, discloses 40-60% by weight of trilobal filaments having a modification ratio within the range of 1.6-1.9, and 40-60% by weight of trilobal filaments having a modification ratio within the range of 2.2-2.5. The filaments provide high bulk, high luster without undesirable sparkle and glitter, and improved resistance to soiling. Craig, U.S. Pat. No. 2,959,839, discloses making ribbon-like filaments from a series of unconnected round spinneret orifices arranged in a zig-zag pattern. The filaments have corrugated surfaces and exhibit reduced glittering. Although such conventional filaments, as described above, have been somewhat effective in reducing specular reflection in carpets, there is a need for trilobal and tetralobal filaments which exhibit even lower glitter, while also providing high bulk. The filaments of the present invention demonstrate an improved combination of low glitter, high bulk, and resistance to fibrillation in the finished carpet. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to synthetic filaments having a trilobal or tetralobal cross-section with substantial convex curves, connected by cusps, along the contour of each lobe. The filaments are essentially free of flat surfaces. Each lobe has 2 to 20 curvatures per lobe, and the filaments have a modification ratio of 1.2 to 4.5. Suitable synthetic polymers include polyamides, such as nylon 66 and nylon 6, polyesters, such as polyethylene terephthalate, polyolefins, such as polypropylene, and polyacrylonitrile. Preferably, nylon 66 is used. The filaments may be in the form of a crimped continuous filament yarn, or a crimped staple fiber yarn. The yarns may be used to form carpets which exhibit low glitter, high bulk, and resistance to fibrillation. The invention also includes spinnerets for producing such fibers. The spinnerets are composed of a plate having upper and lower surfaces connected by a segmented capillary. The segmented capillary includes a central circular orifice with three substantially equally spaced, equidimensional, radial slots, radiating from said orifice. There is also at least one peripheral orifice substantially centered on the longitudinal axis of each slot. In one embodiment, there are two peripheral orifices along each slot. In addition, the diameter of the central orifice may be larger, or equal to the diameter of each peripheral orifice. The ratio of the diameter of a first peripheral orifice to the width of a radial slot is greater than or equal to 3.5:1. The ratio of the diameter of the central orifice to the width of a radial slot is greater than or equal to 6:1. In another embodiment, there are four radial slots radiating from the central orifice, and at least one peripheral orifice is substantially centered on the longitudinal axis of each slot. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE FIGURES FIG. 1 is a face view of a round spinneret capillary of the prior art. FIG. 1A is a cross-sectional view of a filament spun through capillaries of the type shown in FIG. 1. FIG. 2 is a face view of a trilobal spinneret capillary of the prior art. FIG. 2A is a cross-sectional view of a filament spun through capillaries of the type shown in FIG. 2. FIG. 3 is a face view of a tetralobal spinneret capillary of the prior art. FIG. 3A is a cross-sectional view of a filament spun through capillaries of the type shown in FIG. 3. FIG. 4 is a face view of a spinneret capillary of the present invention, comprising a central circular orifice, three substantially equally spaced radial slots radiating from the central orifice, and two peripheral circular orifices along the length of each slot. FIG. 4A is a cross-sectional view of a filament spun through capillaries of the type shown in FIG. 4. FIG. 5 is a face view of a spinneret capillary of the present invention, wherein the two peripheral orifices along each slot have different dimensions. FIG. 5A is a cross-sectional view of a filament spun through capillaries of the type shown in FIG. 5. FIG. 6 is a face view of a spinneret capillary of the present invention, wherein there is only one peripheral orifice along each slot and the diameter of each one is approximately equal to the diameter of the central orifice. FIG. 6A is a cross-sectional view of a filament spun through capillaries of the type shown in FIG. 6. FIG. 7 is a face view of a spinneret capillary of the present invention, wherein there is only one peripheral orifice along each slot and the diameter of each one is smaller than the diameter of the central orifice. FIG. 7A is a cross-sectional view of a filament spun through capillaries of the type shown in FIG. 7. FIG. 8 is a face view of a spinneret capillary of the present invention, comprising a central circular orifice, four substantially equally spaced radial slots radiating from the central orifice, and two peripheral circular orifices along the length of each slot. FIG. 9 is a face view of a spinneret capillary of the present invention having four radial slots, wherein there is only one peripheral orifice along each slot.</SPEC><CLAIM>I claim: 1. 1. A spinneret, comprising: a) a plate having upper and lower surfaces connected by a segmented capillary, and b) the segmented capillary comprising a central circular orifice and three substantially equally spaced, equidimensional radial slots radiating from said central circular orifice, wherein two peripheral circular orifices are substantially centered on the longitudinal axis of each radial slot, the ratio of the diameter of each peripheral orifice located adjacent to the central orifice, to the width of each radial slot is greater than or equal to 3.5:1, and the ratio of the diameter of the central orifice to the width of each radial slot is greater than 6:1. 2. 2. The spinneret of claim 1, wherein the diameter of the central circular orifice is larger than the diameter of each peripheral circular orifice. 3. 3. The spinneret of claim 1, wherein the diameter of the central circular orifice is substantially equal to the diameter of each peripheral circular orifice. 4. 4. A spinneret, comprising: a) a plate having upper and lower surfaces connected by a segmented capillary, and b) the segmented capillary comprising a central circular orifice and four substantially equally spaced, equidimensional radial slots radiating from said central circular orifice, wherein two peripheral circular orifices are substantially centered on the longitudinal axis of each radial slot, the ratio of the diameter of each peripheral orifice located adjacent to the central orifice, to the width of each radial slot is greater than or equal to 3.5:1, and the ratio of the diameter of the central orifice to the width of each radial slot is greater than 6:1.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176927</DOCNO><APP-NO>729782</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910710</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176927</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A21D  2/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426 20</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>844668	19881011	FI</PRIORITY><CITATION>3512992/19700500	4990343/19910200</CITATION><INVENTOR>Haarasilta; Sampsa<tab>Pullinen; Timo<tab>Tammersalo-Karsten; Ina<tab>Vaisanen; Seppo<tab>Franti; Harri</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Cultor Ltd.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Method of improving the production process of dry cereal products by enzyme addition</TITLE><ABST>The invention relates to a method of improving the production process of dry cereal products, such as crispbread and biscuits, by adding hemicellulose and cellulose degrading enzymes to the dough. The enzyme addition improves the properties of the dough and increases the process capacity by decreasing the need for dough liquid.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENT A. General The method of the invention is characterized by adding an enzyme preparation containing hemicellulose and/or cellulose degrading enzymes to the dough. The method of the invention provides a baking process with a greater capacity than prior art methods. The baking process of the invention has a lower energy consumption than prior art methods. The proof time is shorter and the baking shrinkage is lesser when the method of the invention is applied. The choice of flour is easier. The obtained product has advantageous properties over products prepared with prior art methods, such as increased crispness. The enzyme preparation of the invention contains enzymes degrading hemicellulose (xylan, mannan, galactomannan, araban) and its cleavage products or esther-bonds contained therein and/or enzymes degrading cellulose. For example, an enzyme preparation (BAKEZYME 1201, manufacturer Finnsugar Ltd.) having the following hemicellulolytic and cellulolytic activity is suitable for use in the present invention: ______________________________________ Xylanase 25,000 Units/g Carboxymethyl cellulase (CMC) 9,300 Units/g Filter paper activity (FP) 380 Units/g ______________________________________ Xylanase activity represents hemicellulolytic activity while carboxymethyl cellulase activity and filter paper activity represent cellulolytic activity. A suitable enzyme dosage level is, e.g., about 0 to about 50,000 Units, preferably about 10 to about 20,000 Units of hemicellulase (xylanase) and about 0 to about 20,000 Units, preferably about 10 to about 10,000 Units of cellulase (calculated as carboxymethyl cellulase activity), or correspondingly about 0 to about 1,000 Units, preferably about 0.5 to about 500 Units of cellulase (calculated as filter paper activity) per kg flour. The definitions of the different enzyme activities and the methods of determining the enzyme activities are set forth below: Xylanase activity (Khan A. W. et al, Enzyme Microb. Technol. 8 (1986) 373-377): 1 ml of a suitably diluted enzyme solution in acetate buffer (0.05M NaAc, pH 5.3) is tempered at 50.degree. C. 1 ml of xylan substrate (1% xylan, 0.05M NaAc, pH 5.3) is added. The sample is incubated for 30 min at 50.degree. C. The reaction is stopped by adding 3 ml of DNS reagent (3,5-dinitrosalicylate), and the color is developed by boiling the same mixture for 5 min. The absorbance is measured at 540 nm. One enzyme Unit liberates 1 micromole of reducing sugars per one minute calculated as glucose. Carboxymethyl cellulase activity (Mandels M., Weber J., Adv. Chem. Ser. 95 (1969) 391-413): 1 ml of suitably diluted enzyme solution in acetate buffer (0.05M NaAc, pH 4.8) and 1 ml of CMC substrate (1% CMC, 0.05M NaAc, pH 4.8) are mixed together. The solution is incubated for 10 min. at 50.degree. C. The reaction is stopped by adding 3 ml of DNS reagent. One enzyme Unit liberates 1 micromole of reducing sugars per one minute. Filter paper activity (Ghose, T. K. et al., Symposium of Enzymatic Hydrolysis of Cellulose, Bailey M., Enari T. M., Linko M., Eds. (SITRA, Aulanko, Finland, 1975), p. 111-136: A piece of filter paper (Whatman 1, 50 mg) is added to 1 ml of acetate buffer (0.05M NaAc, pH 4.8). 1 ml of suitably diluted enzyme solution is added. The solution is incubated for 1 h at 50.degree. C. The reaction is stopped by adding 3 ml of DNS reagent, and the color is developed and measured similarly as in the xylanase determination. One activity Unit liberates 1 micromole of reducing sugars per one minute calculated as glucose. B. Experimental EXAMPLE 1 Crispbread Baking Trials The use of the enzyme preparation disclosed herein results in the decrease of the moisture content for suitable baking doughs for dry cereal products. To establish the unexpected decrease in the amount of water using the present invention, the following test was carried out, in which BAKEZYME 1201 was added to the dough in the amount of 50 mg/kg flour. Rye meal with a relatively high falling number was used in this crispbread baking test. The flour was measured for the following properties: ______________________________________ Moisture content (% by weight) 13.3 Enzyme activity (U/kg flour d.s.) alpha-amylase 675 Units protease 4,700 Units xylanase 2,100 Units Protein (Kjeldahl) (% d.s.) 10.0 Starch (Boehringer-Mannheim kit) 64.1 Pentosan content (% by weight) 8.2 Falling number (7 g) 208 ______________________________________ The composition of the dough was as follows (amounts given as percentages on the amount of flour; the amount of flour used was 4 kg): ______________________________________ Flour 100 Yeast 5.5 Salt 1.9 Water (control) 90 ______________________________________ In the trials set forth in Table 1, the enzyme dosage level was kept constant (50 mg/kg flour) with the exception of the control, and the amount of water was decreased (90%, 87.5% and 85% of the original amount). The baking was carried out using the following method. First, room temperature flour, to which enzyme weighed with an analytical balance had been added, was introduced into the mixing bowl. Salt and yeast suspended in water were then added in solution form. Dough temperature was adjusted to 28.degree. C. by means of the water temperature. The ingredients were mixed using a Hobart A 200 mixer for 12 minutes at speed 1. Mixing was followed by first proofing of 240 minutes, whereafter the dough was braked (homogenized) in the Hobart bowl. Sugar solution was also added for yeast food. The dough was then rolled into a mat, pricked (embossed), proofed for 28 minutes (37.degree. C., 90% relative humidity), and baked at a high temperature for 9 minutes. Changes in the consistency of the different doughs are shown in Table 1. TABLE 1 __________________________________________________________________________ Consistency of Doughs (as measured by penetrometer) Addition of enzyme preparation: Hemicellulase (xyl. 1,250 U/kg flour Cellulase (CMC) 470 U/kg flour Measurement Time control control -9.5% H.sub.2 O -12.5% H.sub.2 O -15% H.sub.2 O __________________________________________________________________________ After mixing of dough 16.0 16.0 15.5 15.5 13.5 1 h 16.5 17.2 18.0 18.0 16.0 2 h 19.0 18.0 21.0 21.0 18.5 3 h 21.0 20.0 24.0 23.0 21.0 After first proofing 24.0 22.0 24.0 25.5 24.0 After braking 29.0 30.5 33.0 34.0 30.5 __________________________________________________________________________ The results establish that even though the amount of water was decreased up to 15% from the control, the dough was still processable. The same final dough consistency of the control was achieved with a 15% decrease in the amount of water. The finished, cooled product was further measured for its height, crispness, humidity and volume weight. There were no differences in these properties between the control product and products baked with dough treated with the enzyme preparation of the instant invention with up to a 15% reduction in water concentration. EXAMPLE 2 Baking Trials With Varying Enzyme Dosages Baking trials with various enzyme dosages and water concentrations were utilized. Flour with a lower falling number (165) than in the tests of Example 1 was used for these trials. Otherwise the baking was carried out as described in Example 1, adding BAKEZYME 1201 preparation in the amount of 90-150 mg/kg flour. In terms of enzyme activities, this enzyme dosage level is equivalent to about 2,250 to about 3,750 Units of hemicellulase (xylanase) and about 840 to about 1,400 Units of cellulase (calculated as carboxymethyl cellulase activity) or correspondingly about 35 to about 60 Units of cellulase (calculated as filter paper activity). The flour exhibited the following properties: ______________________________________ Moisture content (% by weight) 11.5 Enzyme activity (U/kg flour d.s.) alpha-amylase 506 Units protease 7,200 Units xylanase 2,400 Units Protein (Kjeldahl) (% d.s.) 11.1 Starch (Boehringer-Mannheim kit) 63.1 Pentosan content (% by weight) 16.4 Falling number (7 g) 165 ______________________________________ The composition of the dough was as follows (amounts given as percentages on the amount of flour; the amount of flour used was 4 kg): ______________________________________ Flour 100 Yeast 3.8 Salt 2.1 Water (control) 90 ______________________________________ Water amounts in this series of baking trials with respect to the control (in which the amount of water was 90% on the weight of flour=100%) were 112%, 107%, 100% and 85%. BAKEZYME 1201 dosage levels were 90, 100, 105, 120, 150 mg/kg flour. The dough was mixed similarly as in Example 1 except that the first proof time was only 120 minutes. At the braking stage, a glucose solution was added for yeast food. The dough moulding steps were the same as in Example 1 except that the proof time was only 21 minutes (at 35.degree. C., 85% relative humidity). The products were baked at a high temperature for 8 minutes and allowed to cool before measurement of properties. Dough consistencies as a function of time are shown in Table 2. TABLE 2 __________________________________________________________________________ Consistency of Dough (as measured by penetrometer) 3 4 Trial 1 2 cont. cont. 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 __________________________________________________________________________ Hemicellulase -- -- -- -- -- 2250 2500 2500 2630 3000 3750 (xyl.) U/kg) Cellulase -- -- -- -- -- 840 930 930 980 1120 1400 (CMC) U/kg Water (ml) 4030 3850 3600 3060 3060 3060 3060 3060 3060 3060 3060 Water amount % 112 107 100 100 85 85 85 85 85 85 85 (on zero level) After mixing 19.0 17.8 16.0 16.0 12.5 14.5 17.5 17.5 17.0 17.0 18.5 of dough 40' 22.0 20.5 18.8 18.0 14.0 17.5 18.0 18.5 18.0 20.0 21.0 80' 24.5 24.0 20.5 21.5 17.0 19.0 21.5 21.5 19.5 21.0 22.0 After first 26.5 25.0 21.0 23.0 17.5 20.0 22.0 22.0 22.5 22.5 23.0 proofing After braking 28.5 27.5 24.5 26.5 19.0 24.0 26.5 25.0 25.0 25.5 28.0 __________________________________________________________________________ Doughs having a "normal" consistency after braking (that is, the two controls (trials 3 and 4) and doughs prepared with a water amount of 85% and enzyme dosage level 100-120 mg/kg (2,500-3,000 U/kg)) (trials 7-10) gave similar final products. Samples baked from a softer dough (enzyme dosage level 150 mg/kg (3,750 U/kg) (trial 11) or water amounts of 112% and 107%, respectively) (trials 1 and 2) yielded non-homogeneous texture. Product prepared from too hard a dough (enzyme dosage level 90 mg/kg (2,250 U/kg) +85% water without enzyme) (trial 5) gave bread with reduced height. EXAMPLE 3 Crispbread Baking Trials A baking test was carried out on a continuously operated bakery-scale crispbread baking line. The ratios and quality of the dough ingredients were the same as those used in Example 2. Enzyme preparation (BAKEZYME 1210) in the amount of 90 mg/kg flour was added: (enzyme activity: 2,250 Units of hemicellulase (xylanase) and 840 Units of cellulase (CMC) per kg flour); the amounts of dough water were reduced to about 85% of the "normal" percentage, as in Example 2. Since the mass flow contained more dry substance than usual, the weight of an unbaked cake was dropped 6.25% from the normal value. The width of the unbaked cake could also be reduced by about 1.0% since the dough prepared with the enzyme addition had a better rise than a product prepared without enzyme addition. The oven time utilized was conventional, whereby a 7.7% increase in capacity was obtained with the enzyme addition (decrease in energy demand). With the addition of the enzyme preparation, the dough rose more rapidly than normal and the properties of the finished product were good. The crispness of the product was observed to be slightly greater than that of a control product prepared without enzyme addition. A similar test was carried out by keeping the amount of energy at a conventional value and shortening the oven time by 7.7%, corresponding to the decrease in energy demand. The properties of this product were good and similar to the properties noted above, suggesting that less energy is required (when the present invention is utilized) to bake the final product than normally required. EXAMPLE 4 Wheat Crispbread Baking Trials Wheat crispbread was baked using the invention on a pilotscale test basis. Flour with the following properties was used in the wheat crispbread baking tests: ______________________________________ Moisture content (%) 13.4 Ash content (% d.s.) 0.6 Amount of moist gluten (%) 26.0 Water binding ability (farinograph 58.1% method).sup.1 Maximum temperature (amylograph 74.degree. C. method).sup.1 Maximum height of amylogram 330 AU Enzyme activities (U/kg flour d.s.) amylase 430 protease 3030 xylanase 1980 ______________________________________ .sup.1 The farinograph and amylograph methods used by bakers worldwide to evaluate the rheological and technical properties of dough. The farinograph method is described by American Association of Cereal Chemist method AACC 5451; the amylograph by International Association of Cereal Chemists, Method FC 126. Flour and the other dry ingredients were first mixed into a powdery mixture. Yeast and water were subsequently added to the mixture. Composition of the powder mixture was as follows: ______________________________________ Flour 87.2% Sugar 5.0% Fat 5.0% Salt 1.8% Yeast 5% on weight of powder mixture Water 57.5% on weight of powder mixture ______________________________________ In the test series, the enzyme dosage level and the water decrease were determined in such a manner that the dough consistency remained constant. The baking (2 kg of dough) was carried out similarly as in Example 1 except that the first proof time was 1 hour and the final proof time 45 min. Enzyme dosage levels used (BAKEZYME 1201) and water amounts are shown in Table 3 as set forth below. TABLE 3 ______________________________________ Consistency of Crispbread Dough (measured by penetrometer) Over Time Trial* 1 2 3 4 ______________________________________ Hemicellulase (xyl. (U/kg) -- 625 1250 1880 Cellulase (CMC) (U/kg) -- 230 470 700 Amount of water (ml) 1160 1070 960 850 Amount of water, % on 57.5 53.5 48.0 42.5 powder mixture Consistency after mixing 20.0 20.5 20.5 20.0 the dough Consistency after first proof 21.0 21.5 21.0 21.5 Consistency after braking 30.0 31.0 31.0 31.5 ______________________________________ *Trial 1 functioned as the control. There were no differences in the measured properties of products prepared from the dough with constant consistency. The measured properties of the final product were the same as in Example 1. EXAMPLE 5 Semi-Sweet Biscuit Trials Semi-sweet biscuits were baked with wheat flour having the following properties. ______________________________________ Moisture content (%) 12.7 Enzyme activity (U/kg flour d.s.) alpha-amaylase 223 Units protease 1,450 Units xylanase 1,809 Units Protein (% d.s.) (Kjeldahl .times. 5.7) 10.8 Falling number 365 Ash (% d.s.) 0.66 Swelling number 5 Water binding (ml/300 g flour) 172 ______________________________________ Composition of the basic dough: ______________________________________ Ingredient (g) (% on flour) ______________________________________ Wheat flour 492 100 Vegetable fat 82 16.6 Icing sugar 90 18.2 Glucose 17 3.4 Fructose 17 3.4 Starch syrup TS 40 21 4.3 Cornstarch 70 14.3 Dry skim milk 21 4.2 Table salt 5 1 Volatile salt 6.9 1.4 Tartaric acid 0.8 0.2 Baking soda 1.9 0.4 Sodium disulfite, 3.8 0.8 10% aqueous solution Water 160 32.5 Total 988.2 ______________________________________ The enzyme preparation used was BAKEZYUME 1201 having a xylanase activity of 25,000 U/g. (manufacturer Finnsugar Ltd.) was added to the dough as follows: ______________________________________ Sample Xylanase U/g flour ______________________________________ A (control) 0 B 500 C 1,000 D 1,500 E 2,500 F 5,000 G 10,000 ______________________________________ Baking was carried out under pilot kitchen conditions by the so-called "all-in" baking process as follows: Water (+42.degree. C.) was introduced into the bowl of a Kenwood Chef mixer. Sodium disulfite solution and starch syrup were added to the water as well as the mixed dry ingredients of the formula. Fat was added on the dry ingredients. The dough was kneaded (kneading hook) for one minute at the lowest speed of the mixer and for four minutes at speed IV. After kneading the temperature of the doughs varied between about +29.degree. C. and +31.degree. C. and pH between about 8.0 and about 8.3. The softness of the doughs was measured immediately after kneading with a penetrometer (SUR, PNR 6, cone probe, penetration time 10 s). The softness and stickiness of corresponding doughs containing more water, for the reasons of the measuring technique used, were also measured with a farinograph (Brabender) by introducing 300 g of dough into the trough of the farinograph and by kneading it at constant temperature +30.degree. C. at farinograph speed 2 for 10 minutes. The softness value was obtained after 5 minute kneading as farinogram height (Brabender unit, BU), stickiness was measured from the corresponding graph point as farinogram width (BU). After 10 minutes of floor time the doughs were first rolled manually into 3.times.3 mm thick sheets and then on a grease-proof paper into a 1 mm thick sheet which was cut manually with a round mould (diameter 61 mm). The whole cut dough sheet was transferred to a baking sheet covered with a 1 mm hole network. On the baking sheet the dough sheet was pricked manually by means of a pricking wheel and the dough remaining outside the cut portions was removed. The biscuits were baked in a convection oven for 7 minutes at 180.degree.-200.degree. C., whereafter they were transferred onto a tray and allowed to cool at room temperature. After having cooled for half an hour, the finished biscuits were measured for their moisture content (at 130.degree. C., 1 h). The moisture content varied from about 3.0% to about 6.5% by weight. The pH of the biscuits varied from about 7.0 to about 7.7. The effect of the enzyme treatment on the softness and stickiness of the biscuit dough is set forth in Tables 4 and 5 below. TABLE 4 ______________________________________ Effect of Enzyme Treatment on the Softness of Biscuit Dough as Measured with a Penetrometer Xylanase Penetration Sample (U/kg flour) (1/10 mm) (%) Penetration delta A ______________________________________ A 0 252 0 B 500 256 +2 C 1,000 247 -2 D 1,500 255 +1 E 2,500 256 +2 F 5,000 263 +4 G 10,000 269 +6 ______________________________________ TABLE 5 ______________________________________ Effect of Enzyme Treatment on the Softness and Stickiness of a Biscuit Dough as Measured with a Farinograph Xylanase Softness Stickiness (U/kg Softness delta A Stickiness delta A Sample flour) (BU) (%) (BU) (%) ______________________________________ A 0 675 0 160 0 B 500 735 -3 170 +10 C 1,000 690 -2 160 0 D 1,500 770 -12 220 +27 E 2,500 750 -10 170 +6 F 5,000 670 +0.7 130 -19 G 10,000 160 +76 80 -50 ______________________________________ The enzyme treatment improved the processability and rollability of the biscuit dough. This effect was most marked with the xylanase activity of 2,500-10,000 U/kg flour. The enzyme treatment increased the softness of the dough, especially with the xylanase activity of 2,500-10,000 U/kg flour, with the best results from the xylanase activity of 5,000-10,000 U/kg flour. The use of an enzyme preparation also decreased the stickiness of the biscuit dough, particularly with the samples with xylanase activity of 5,000-10,000 U/kg flour. By means of the enzyme treatment, the amount of dough water could be decreased about 9% on the total amount of water without affecting adversely the processability and the quality of the final product, when the enzyme preparation was added in the dough so that the xylanase activity was about 2,500 to about 10,000 U/kg flour; preferably about 10,000 U/kg flour. The enzyme treatment described herein is likewise applicable to the production of other dry cereal products, such as rusk, breadcrumbs, sour crispbread, crackers, baked snacks, waffles, pretzels, ice cream cones and dark bread. The foregoing general discussion and experimental examples are intended to be illustrative of the present invention, and are not to be considered limiting. Other variations within the spirit and scope of this invention are possible and will present themselves to those skilled in the art. 71 419887 19891011 03 FIELD OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to a method of improving the production process of dry cereal products by adding cellulolytic and/or hemicellulolytic enzymes to the dough used to make these products. The invention improves the properties of the doug (for example, dough transferability) and decreases the amount of water which needs to be added to the dough to achieve an acceptable final product. The decrease in water needed has profound effects on the efficiency and capacity of the baking process. The invention permits a wider choice of flour and results in a final product with improved crispness and other properties. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION One of the most popular forms of baked goods are so-called "dry cereal products"; namely, baked products which have low water concentrations and are, therefore, crispier than soft products such as bread or cake. As used herein, the term "dry cereal products" refers to baked products made from grain, such as crispbread, biscuits, rusk, breadcrumbs, sour crispbread, crackers, baked snacks, waffles, cookies, pretzels, ice cream cones and dark bread. Dry cereal products have a longer shelf life and can be distributed over wide geographic areas in contrast to soft products which are highly perishable and are typically distributed on a more local basis. Dry product processes tend to be larger and more intricate--and often more automated--as a result. A bottleneck in the production process of dry cereal products, such as crispbread, biscuits, sour crispbread, and dark bread, etc. is often the limited production capacity of ovens used, but increasing oven size requires high capital investment. Attempts have also been made to improve the process efficiency by using flour with a low water-binding capacity and by other apparatus improvements. Such expedients, however, have generally been inadequate. In an industrial production process of dry cereal products, such as crispbread and biscuits, the ingredients (flour, liquid, requisite additives, such as salt, sugar, dough raising agents and possible spices) are mixed into a dough. A thin dough cake is baked rapidly at a high, accurately programmed temperature, and dried. The moisture content of the final product is extremely important and will vary depending on the product involved. In many instances, the crispness and preservation properties are maximized at a moisture content of between about 7% and about 9% by weight. On an average, the crispness of biscuits is at best at a moisture content of less than 4% by weight. In addition to water content, the crispness and preservation properties of biscuits and other products are affected by other factors, such as fat content. For example, the protein content of flour used in baking semi-sweet biscuits is of great importance for the crispness of the final product. The quality of flour to be used in a dry bread product depends on the product to be prepared. In crispbread production, whole rye flour is used in most cases; however, the popularity of wheat crispbread is on the increase. Most biscuits are made of wheat, while the demand and consumption of oatmeal biscuits and especially of rye biscuits are insignificant. The most important flour properties are those affecting the crumb structure, crispness and volume. With doughs raised with yeast, the "falling" number required for rye flour ranges from 120 to 200. (The "falling" number is measured by procedures well known and defined in the prior art.) The falling number of rye flour to be used in a dough raised by whipping gas into the dough (so called "ice bread") should also be relatively high. Sour, thick crispbread can be made from rye flour having a lower falling number, because the acidity prevents the inherent enzymes of flour from decomposing starch too far. The falling number of flour used in the production of biscuits should be high (more than 300) due to, e.g., their long production process and the rather high temperature of dough water in the production of semi-sweet biscuits, for instance. Flour used in the production of crispbread usually has a relatively low protein content, generally varying between 8 and 12% by weight. The water-binding capacity of such flour is not as high as that of flour rich in protein, so less energy is required for drying during baking. In biscuit baking, protein content is of vital importance to the quality of flour and that of the product. The protein content of the flour should range from 7.5% to 10.5% by weight on dry substance. Flour having a protein content less than 10% by weight is best suited for baking semi-sweet biscuits. Yeast or a chemical raising agent can be used for proofing. Proofing can also be effected by mixing gaseous substances into the dough. In the production of both crispbread and biscuits, water or milk is used as dough liquid. In the production of crispbread, the amount of liquid needed is nearly equal to that of flour, that is, the dough is considerably softer than in the production of normal soft bread. In biscuit production, less liquid is usually needed than in the production of crispbread. The use of large amounts of liquid requires long baking times and large amounts of energy at the baking stage to reduce the water concentration of the final product to an acceptable level. In a dry cereal product production process, the amount of dough liquid is in most cases determined by the technical qualities of the process and the apparatus. For example, the softness of a dough suitable for use in a crispbread production process and, as a consequence, the amount of liquid needed is determined on one hand by the mechanical strength of the blades of the dough mixer and on the other hand the operation of the pricking device. In addition, the webforming ability sets certain requirements on the softness of dough. Dough softness is described by a consistency value. (Consistency is measured by a penetrometer by allowing the measuring cone of the penetrometer to fall into the dough for 10 seconds, whereby the penetration of the cone in millimeters gives the consistency of the dough; the greater the value, the softer the dough. A penetrometer is a standard piece of equipment well known in the baking art.) The crispness, taste, and machinability of crispbreads and biscuits can be increased by the use of fat and sugar. In crispbread production, the dough is formed into a weblike mat after suitable proofing. The mat can be baked as such, or it can be cut or chopped into separate cakes, or the mat is formed into separate cakes by means of moulds, rolls, and the like. The cakes can be patterned before baking, e.g., by pricking. Pricking provides the product with a pattern typical of it, and binds the surface layers of the cake together. If necessary, the final proofing of the products is carried out after the patterning, whereafter the products are baked. So called "ice bread" is not proofed at this stage; it is baked immediately after the pricking. Biscuits, such as semi-sweet biscuits, are often made by so-called "all-in" (or "straight") dough making process, in which the dough is prepared by mixing all the dry ingredients simultaneously with the dough liquid and other liquid ingredients. The way in which the dough is prepared is of great importance in the production of semi-sweet biscuits. As semi-sweet biscuits should possess an extensible gluten network, relatively high dough temperatures, about +40.degree. C., are desirable in the dough preparation phase. An example of a mixer suitable for the production of biscuits is a horizontal two-blade mixer standard in the baking industry. After preparation, the dough should be allowed to stand so that the dough liquid is absorbed in the dry ingredients (floor time). After the floor time the dough is moulded, e.g., by means of a four-roll feeder and then folded by passing it through a pair of rolls. After folding the dough is passed through sheeting rolls. Sheeted dough is pricked and cut with a roll cutter (drum cutter). The products lose moisture concentration during baking. The moisture content of a conventional finished crispbread product is about 7% to about 12% by weight. The moisture content of product raised with gas may be as low as about 2% by weight. On an average, the moisture content of biscuits does not exceed about 4% by weight. To achieve the desired final moisture consent, the baked product usually has to be dried further. The drying can be effected by using a convection oven, basket conveyors transported above the oven in the waste heat, "after-baking", that is, drying in a tunnel oven, or dielectric drying. If necessary, the baked product can be chopped, e.g., by sawing. It is known that cellulolytic/hemicellulolytic enzymes cleave non-starch polysaccharides present in flour. Addition of cellulolytic and/or hemicellulolytic enzymes has been used to improve the properties of the baking process and the finished baking product. Japanese Patent Application No. 5701/1968 describes a method of improving the quality of white sour bread by adding to the dough an enzyme composition having cellulolytic and/or hemicellulolytic activity. It is emphasized in the patent application that the addition of the enzyme composition causes decomposition of fibrous components present in flour, such as cellulose and pentosans, the presence of which as such would considerably deteriorate the quality of bread by rendering the dough inhomogeneous and by preventing the formation of gluten. It is recited that the addition of cellulolytic/hemicellulolytic enzymes provides soft bread with increased volume, more uniform grain structure and slower ageing than bread prepared with prior art methods. Finnish Patent Application No. 881905 (U.S. application Ser. No. 341,389 filed Apr. 21, 1989, now U.S. Pat. No. 4,990,343 describes the use of cellulolytic/hemicellulolytic enzymes in combination with glucose oxidase or glucose oxidase and sulphydryl oxidase in baking soft bread from wheat and rye flour. These enzymes are used for optimizing the baking process. Moreover, it has been found that the enzyme combinations improve the rheological properties, gluten, processability, and tolerance of a flour dough. It has also been found to improve the volume, grain structure and anti-staling properties of a bakery product. However, because of the significant differences in the process for baking dry cereal products (such as crispbread, etc.) and the increased moisture content of dough used to bake these products, enzyme treatment of dough for dry cereal products has heretofore not been utilized. It has now been found according to the present invention that an addition of cellulolytic and/or hemicellulolytic enzymes increases the process capacity in the production of dry cereal products. Unexpectedly and surprisingly, the enzyme addition of the invention makes the dough softer, so less dough liquid is required as compared with conventional techniques. The reduced concentration of water requires less energy than prior art methods for baking the product and the need for after-drying is decreased or eliminated. In large scale baking processes, this improved efficiency will result in substantial cost savings. In addition, the final product obtained by the method of the invention has a lower shrinkage and increased crispness. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION One of the objects of the invention is to improve the baking process of dry cereal products by decreasing the necessary moisture concentration. The present invention contemplates a method for improving the production process of dry cereal products and the quality of the baked product produced therefrom which comprises combining flour, yeast and water with an amount of an enzyme preparation comprising hemicellulose and/or cellulose degrading enzymes effective to reduce the amount of moisture necessary to form a suitable baking dough. The resulting dough requires shorter baking time and the need for post-baking drying in order to reduce the moisture content of the final product to an acceptable level is decreased or eliminated. Preferably, the enzyme preparation contains between about 0 to about 50,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes and about 0 to about 20,000 Units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. An enzyme preparation which contains about 10 to about 20,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes and about 10 to about 10,000 Units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour is particularly preferred. The method of the present invention can be used to produce dry cereal products such as crispbread, made of rye or wheat flour, as well as other dry cereal products such as biscuits, pretzels, ice cream cones, dark bread and the like. When the final product is a rye crispbread, the method of the present invention wherein the enzyme preparation comprises about 1,000 to about 3,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes and/or about 400 to about 1,200 Units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour is preferred. When the final baked product is a wheat crispbread, an enzyme preparation which contains about 500 Units to about 2,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes and/or about 200 Units to about 800 Units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour is preferred. When the final baked product is a semi-sweet biscuit, an enzyme preparation which contains about 2,500 Units to about 10,000 Units of a hemicellulose degrading enzyme per kilogram of flour is preferred. The instant invention contemplates a method which reduces the necessary moisture concentration of the baking dough up to approximately 15% by weight. </SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A method for the production of dry cereal products having a final moisture content of less than about 12% by weight, which provides for a reduction in the amount of initial water added to create processible dough, which comprises: combining flour, water, yeast and at least 10 units of an enzyme preparation per kilogram of flour, said enzyme preparation comprising cellulose and hemicellulose degrading enzymes in an amount effective to form a mass with suitable consistency for processing and baking; processing said dough; baking said processed dough at a suitable temperature; drying said dry cereal product, if necessary, to reduce the final moisture content of said product to less than about 12% by weight. 2. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the amount of water added is up to about 15% less than the amount of water necessary to form a mass of suitable consistency in the absence of the enzyme addition. 3. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein the baking time of said processed dough is about 15% less than the baking time required in the absence of the enzyme addition. 4. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said dry cereal product is crispbread. 5. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said crispbread is rye crispbread. 6. 6. The method of claim 4 wherein said crispbread is wheat crispbread. 7. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein said dry cereal product is a semi-sweet biscuit. 8. 8. The method of claim 6 wherein said enzyme preparation is added in an amount of about 500 to about 2,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes and about 200 to about 800 Units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 9. 9. The method of claim 7 wherein said enzyme preparation is added in an amount of about 2,500 to about 10,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 10. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein said dry cereal product has a final moisture content of between about 7% to about 9% by weight. 11. 11. The method of claim 2 wherein said dry cereal product has a final moisture content of less than about 4% by weight. 12. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein said hemicellulose degrading enzyme is xylanase. 13. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein said enzyme preparation is added in the amount of about 10 to about 50,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 14. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein said enzyme preparation is added in the amount of about 10 to about 20,000 units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 15. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein said enzyme preparation is added in the amount of about 10 to about 50,000 of hemicellulose degrading enzymes and about 10 to about 20,000 units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 16. 16. The method of claim 5, wherein said enzyme preparation is added in the amount of about 1,000 to about 3,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 17. 17. The method of claim 5, wherein said enzyme preparation is added in the amount of about 400 to about 1,200 Units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 18. 18. The method of claim 5, wherein said enzyme preparation is added in the amount of about 1,000 to about 3,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes and about 400 to about 1,200 Units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 19. 19. The method of claim 6, wherein said enzyme preparation is added in the amount of about 500 to about 2,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 20. 20. The method of claim 6, wherein said enzyme preparation is added in the amount of about 200 to about 800 Units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 21. 21. The method of claim 6, wherein said enzyme preparation is added in the amount of about 500 to about 2,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes and about 200 to about 800 Units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour. 22. 22. The method of claim 15 wherein said enzyme preparation is added in an amount of about 10 to about 20,000 Units of hemicellulose degrading enzymes and about 10 to about 10,000 Units of cellulose degrading enzymes per kilogram of flour.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176928</DOCNO><APP-NO>528276</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19900521</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176928</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A23C  9/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426 42</PRI-USPC><CITATION>2826502/19580300	3928649/19751200	4364962/19821200	4626441/19861200	5093137/19920300</CITATION><INVENTOR>Shazer, Jr.; William H.<tab>Keller; Susanne E.<tab>Speckman; Raymond A.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>The NutraSweet Company</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Reduced calorie diary mix</TITLE><ABST>A reduced calorie diary mix for use in frozen dairy desserts and yoghurt is made from milk and/or milk products that have been treated with a lactase/beta-galactosidose enzyme which hydrolyzes lactose to glucose and galactose. This increases sweetness, reduces lactose crystallization problems and creates a greater freezing point depression. Aspartame or other high potency sweetners may be added without the need for additional bulking agents and/or bulk sweeteners.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION The method of the present invention yields a dairy mix which can be used in numerous dairy applications with improved characteristics over that known in the art. Whereas the hydrolysis of the milk sugar lactose to its monosaccharide components glucose and galactose is not surprising or new, the complete removal of added bulk sweeteners without their replacement with a bulking agent has not hereinbefore been possible. This mix, when incorporated into a frozen dairy dessert or yoghurt and sweetened with a high potency sweetener such as aspartame may therefore allow these categories to be characterized as truly reduced calorie and can be enjoyed by two fairly substantial segments of today's population. On the one hand, there are those that must restrict their caloric intake due to their being overweight. The reduced calorie dairy products made possible by the present invention will serve as a welcome respite in the world of dieting. There are also those who are lactose intolerent, who by consuming the sugar suffer flatulence, diarrhea, cramps, tissue dehydration and lack of calcium absorption. The ability to produce dairy products without the need for additional bulking agents avoids these problems. The dairy mix of the present invention may be made from milk ingredients such as whole milk, skim milk, concentrated skim milk, evaporated skim milk or dairy whey. In normal milk, lactose comprises nearly 60% of the non-fat solids. Lactose also comprises 80-85% of the dairy whey solids and as is taught by the prior art, milk solids non-fat levels in frozen desserts should not exceed 13.3%. Preferably, skim milk is first mixed with non-fat dry milk so that the milk solids non-fat is approximately 17%. The milk ingredient is then pasteurized and homogenized using conventional pasteurization and homogenization techniques (150.degree.-175.degree.) and (2000/500 p.s.i.) then cooled to approximately 100.degree. F. Enzyme treatment of the lactase may then be conducted in one of two alternative procedures. Beta-galactoside, approximately 10,000 u/l (u=1 .mu.g. glucose that is produced from treatment of 5% lactose at a pH 7.0, room temperature, in 1 minute) may be added to the mixture immediately which is then cooled to 40.degree. for a period of 24 hours. The mix may also be cooled first in which case the enzyme is then added and allowed to hydrolyze the lactase for 48 hours. The cooler the environment of the substrate, the slower the activity of the enzyme. Beta-galactosidase or lactase may be obtained commercially from any one of a number of sources. Pfizer, Inc. produces a food grade liquid lactase which is an extract from Candida pseudotropicalis, a lactase fermenting dairy yeast. The enzyme may either be added directly to the dairy mix at approximately 10,000 u/l or may be immobilized in a resin or gel matrix. If the lactase is added directly to the dairy mix, it would preferably be deactivated through further heating after the hydrolysis time. This can be accomplished by a second pasteurization step, preferably a high temperature, short time (HTST) application. The enzyme is preferably removed because although it could be left in with no adverse effects on the mix, most commercial enzyme extracts may contain residues of other enzymes such as protease. These may then attack other dairy proteins resulting in their degradation and an undesirable product. If the enzyme is immobilized in a gel or resin, a further pasteurization step is unnecessary since the enzyme is never blended or mixed together with the milk ingredients. The dairy mix may pass through the gel beads or resin in a column, through contact in a batch tank or by any one of the number of immobilized enzyme techniques known in the art. However the enzyme contacts the milk ingredients, once a sufficient time for enzyme-substrate contact is allowed to take place (usually approximately 24-48 hours) the mix may then be cooled to approximately 32.degree.-50.degree. F. Hydrolysis of lactose to glucose and galactose reduces the lactose content, thereby allowing for a greater amount of lactose that can be initially added to the milk ingredients prior to enzyme hydrolysis. Enzyme hydrolysis can therefore increase the sweetness of the mix and since glucose and galactose are smaller molecules than lactose, the freezing point of the mix is reduced and the sandy texture of lactose crystallization avoided. Once the dairy mix is sufficiently cooled after hydrolysis it is ready for any number of frozen dairy dessert and yoghurt applications. The milk solid portion of the dairy mix may be anywhere from 9.0-33.0% by weight of the overall product. Preferably, the milk solids comprise approximately 18-20% by weight of the final mix. Milk fat levels may be anywhere from 0-12% of the final dairy mix. High potency sweeteners such as aspartame, alitame, acesulfame-K, saccharin, cyclamate etc. may be added for sweetness without the need for additional bulking agents. Stabilizers such as carageenan, xanthan gum, microcrystalline cellulose, locust bean gum and other stabilizer compounds known in the art may be added as desired. Flavors, fruits and other ingredients may be added as desired according to the formulation of the dessert or yoghurt as known in the art. The mix may then be packaged in either single or multi-serving bulk packs and cooled to a desired consistency for consumption. Final freezing points can range from approximately -1.0.degree. C. to -2.2.degree. C., although the preferred temperature at which the mix is frozen after enzyme hydrolysis of the lactose and addition of the desired sweeteners, flavor compounds and the like is -1.6.degree. C. to -1.9.degree. C. The following examples are incorporated herein to better describe and more fully set forth the method for practicing the present invention. They are for illustrative purposes only and should not be construed as limiting the spirit and/or scope of the claims. EXAMPLE 1 The quantities of liquid milk, cream and non-fat dry milk (NFDM) are calculated based on the milk solids not fat (MSNF) and butter fat levels that are required to obtain a final mix composition of 18% MSNF and 4% butter fat. For example, skim milk at 8.8% MSNF, cream at 5.09% MSNF and 44.5% fat, and NFDM at 96.0% MSNF would require 7941 gm skim milk, 899 gm cream and 1099 gm NFDM for a 10,000 gm quantity of mix. Mix together the liquid components and add NFDM (stabilizers and APM may be added at this point if desired or after heat treatment). The mix may also be heated to assist in dissolving the NFDM. Add approximately 10,000 u/l of commercial lactase (u=1 .mu.g glucose produced from 5% lactose at pH 7.0, room temperature, in one minute) and hold the mix for 24 hours at 40.degree. F. The mix is heated to 140.degree. F. and homogenized, then further heated to 170.degree. F. in order to to pasteurize as required by GMP. The remaining dry ingredients including 600 p.p.m. aspartame may be added at 140.degree. F. prior to homogenization. Cool mix and freeze. EXAMPLE 2 An alternative to Example 1 would be to add all dry ingredients together and heat to 100.degree. F. The lactase enzyme is added directly (10,000 u/l) at 100.degree. F. and the mix is held for 1 hour. After 1 hour, continue to heat to 140.degree., homogenize, and pasteurize as for GMP. EXAMPLE 3 The dairy mix can be formulated as in Example 1 and treated with an immobilized lactase in a resin bed. In this case, mix may be passed through resin after all the dry ingredients are added. The formulations of MSNF level can be altered to any range as indicated in the patent. The butter fat levels can be changed to any value within the ranges set forth in the patent. The mix can then be treated as in Examples 1 to 3. 71 228353 19880804 03 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION In this diet conscious society, the regretful and painful abstinence from sweets and high calorie foods is necessary if one wishes to be fit and trim. Ice cream and other frozen novelty desserts often ranks high on the list of no-nos and must be foresworn much to the dismay of many sweet tooths. Whereas aspartame has become a very popular dietary sweetener in low-calorie soft drinks and other beverages (Schlatter et al. U.S. Pat. No. 3,492,131), the realization of a truly satisfactory low-calorie frozen dessert has not yet, until now, been achieved. The problem in this area is that when sugar is removed from most if not all foodstuffs in an effort to reduce the caloric content, more than just sweet taste is noticeably removed. Sugar contributes to the mouthfeel of a particular food product and provides bulk or structure. Therefore, removal of the sugar consequently removes much of sugar's bulk and thereby renders the texture or consistency of the food unsatisfactory. As a result, the mere removal and replacement of sugar with a high potency low-calorie sweetener does not result in an appreciably satisfactory product since the low-calorie sweetener lacks the bulk of sugar. Understandably then, in order to produce a frozen dessert, yoghurt or confection with no additional sugar added, a bulking agent must be added to the mix together with the high potency sweetener such as aspartame. The bulking agents currently available either add as many calories to the product as sucrose would were it not removed (as is in the case of the maltodextrins) and/or will have deleterious side effects such as diarrhea (as in the case of polydextrose and sorbitol). If sugar is removed from a product, the bulking agent is required to be added in order to perform the functions (other than sweetness) of sucrose in order to obtain an acceptable product. If sugar is removed from a frozen dairy dessert in an effort to reduce calories for example, the absence of an added bulking agent will result in a dessert that is unacceptably hard and icy when frozen. Ice crystal formation from any unbound water becomes prevalent and the overall sensory perception is unpalatable. It is an object of the present invention to provide a method for the production of a reduced calorie dairy mix which can be utilized in various dairy applications such as frozen dairy desserts and yoghurt wherein the sugar (sucrose and/or bulk contributing sweetener) has been removed yet no additional bulking agents are required. This is achieved through the enzymatic treatment of the disaccharide sugars naturally present in milk (lactose) so as to reduce them to their monosaccharide components. More specifically, milk ingredients traditionally used in the manufacture of ice cream, ice milk and yoghurt are treated with beta-galactosidase which cleaves lactose into glucose and galactose. This not only results in an increase in the sweetness of the composition, but also surprisingly does not require the addition of bulking agents in order to maintain an acceptable consistency, palatability and mouthfeel. The use of an enzyme, particularly beta-galactosidase or lactase for short, in milk or milk based products, to reduce lactose to its constituents is well known in the art. The use of lactase to hydrolyze lactose to its monosaccharide constituents in milk and whey products, including frozen dessert applications is described by Holsinger, V., Applications of Lactose Modified Milk and Whey; Food Tech. 35 (1978). Trzecieski, U.S. Pat. No. 4,333,953 discloses the use of non-fat milk solids with lactase to produce a creamy ice milk. U.S. Pat. No. 4,333,954, also to Trzecieski, also discloses a soft ice cream wherein lactase is added in order to reduce the ice crystallization problems of lactose in the ice cream. This is the familiar `sandy texture` that results when 20-30% of the milk solid non-fat is replaced by demineralized whey powder. The sandiness defect has been recognized to be a direct function of the amount of lactose present in the ice cream which can be removed by the hydrolysis to its monosaccharide components by lactase. Albrecht, T., et al., Sandiness Defect in Ice Cream, Ice Cream Review 22 (1956) None of the prior art however, teaches the hydrolysis and removal of lactose, without subsequently putting in a bulking agent such as sorbitol or dextrose to replace the volume once occupied by the sugar. All of the existing prior art however, demonstrates that sugar (sucrose) or other carbohydrate sweeteners can only be partially replaced in frozen desserts and confections by hydrolyzing lactose to form glucose and galactose. Addition of ingredients such as whey (high lactose) have been used as a partial replacement for sucrose; however no one has demonstrated the complete removal of sucrose and/or added carbohydrate sweeteners. By using the process according to the present invention, a dairy mix that can be used in reduced calorie yoghurts, frozen confections and flavored milk is made possible wherein the lactose has been reduced to its monosaccharide components by treatment with beta-galactosidase. This increases sweetness, reduces ice crystallization and by creating a greater freezing point depression thereby improves the texture of the product. There is no need to add further bulking agents to substitute for the missing sucrose and the addition of aspartame or other high potency sweeteners or flavorings may be added for taste without an increase in calories. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION A method for the production of a reduced calorie dairy mix and product useful in the manufacture of reduced calorie frozen desserts, yoghurts and flavored milk drinks is disclosed wherein the milk sugar lactose is broken down without the need for the addition of a bulking agent. Lactose is hydrolyzed to its monosaccharide components, glucose and galactose, by treatment of the milk or milk products with beta-galactosidase. The process increases sweetness, creates a greater freezing point depression and inhibits ice crystal formation when the mix is incorporated in the final product. The surprising absence of the need for any additional bulking agents results in a truly reduced calorie dessert or yoghurt. </SPEC><CLAIM>What we claim is: 1. 1. A reduced calorie frozen dairy dessert including a diary mix which provides bulking properties, said dairy mix being produced by a process comprising the steps of: (a) heating a mix of milk ingredients to a sufficient temperature to promote the pasteurization of said ingredients; and (b) treating said ingredients with an enzyme for a sufficient period of time to reduce any inherent milk polysaccharides to their monosaccharide components; said frozen dairy dessert not including any added sugars or bulking agents. 2. 2. The frozen dairy dessert according to claim 1 wherein said milk ingredients are selected from the group consisting of whole milk, skim milk, condensed skim milk and non-fat dry milk. 3. 3. The frozen dairy dessert according to claim 2 wherein said pasteurization is carried out at approximately 145.degree.-195.degree. F. 4. 4. The frozen dairy dessert according to claim 3 wherein said enzyme is added directly to said mixture of milk ingredients. 5. 5. The frozen dairy dessert according to claim 3 wherein said enzyme is immobilized prior to its treatment of said milk ingredients. 6. 6. The frozen dairy dessert according to claim 3 wherein said enzyme is beta-galactosidase. 7. 7. The frozen dairy dessert according to claim 2 further comprising a high potency sweetener. 8. 8. The frozen dairy dessert according to claim 7 wherein said high potency artificial sweetener is selected from the group consisting of aspartame, alitame, saccharin, cyclamate, acesulfame-K, sucralose, and their salts and mixtures thereof. 9. 9. The frozen dairy dessert according to claim 8 further comprising a stabilizer. 10. 10. The frozen dairy dessert according to claim 9 wherein said stabilizer is selected from the group consisting of carageenan, locust bean gum, xanthan gum and microcrystalline cellulose. 11. 11. A reduced calorie frozen yoghurt including a dairy mix which provides bulking properties, said dairy mix being produced by a process comprising the steps of: (a) heating a mix of milk ingredients to a sufficient temperature to promote the pasteurization of said ingredients; and (b) treating said ingredients with an enzyme for a sufficient period of time to reduce any inherent milk polysaccharides to their monosaccharide components; said yoghurt not including any added sugars or bulking agents. 12. 12. The yoghurt according to claim 11 wherein said milk ingredients are selected from the group consisting of whole milk, skim milk, condensed skim milk and non-fat dry milk. 13. 13. The yoghurt according to claim 12 wherein said pasteurization is carried out at approximately 145.degree.-195.degree. F. 14. 14. The yoghurt according to claim 13 wherein said enzyme is added directly to said mixture of milk ingredients. 15. 15. The yoghurt according to claim 13 wherein said enzyme is immobilized prior to its treatment of said milk ingredients. 16. 16. The yoghurt according to claim 13 wherein said enzyme is beta-galactosidase. 17. 17. The yoghurt according to claim 12 further comprising a high potency sweetener. 18. 18. The yoghurt according to claim 17 wherein said high potency artificial sweetener is selected from the group consisting of aspartame, alitame, saccharin, cyclamate, acesulfame-K, sucralose, and their salts and mixtures thereof. 19. 19. The yoghurt according to claim 18 further comprising a stabilizer. 20. 20. The yoghurt according to claim 19 wherein said stabilizer is selected from the group consisting of carageenan, locust bean gum, xanthan gum and microcrystalline cellulose.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176929</DOCNO><APP-NO>656076</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910225</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176929</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A23L  2/18</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426 50</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>3312/89	19890629	HU	3312/89	19890807	HU</PRIORITY><CITATION>770658/19040900	4327184/19820400	4405652/19830900	4626437/19861200</CITATION><INVENTOR>Kovacs; Sandor<tab>Czifrik, Gizella<tab>Fulop; Sandor<tab>Nemet; Laszlo<tab>Jovor; Bela<tab>Doleschall; Sandor<tab>Pap; Geza<tab>Gati; Guyla<tab>dam; Rozalia</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Magyar Szenhidrogenipari Kutatofejleszto Intezet<tab>Jonathan Mgtsz</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Process for the complex processing and preservation of alimentary plants, particularly seasonal alimentary plants</TITLE><ABST>The invention relates to a process for the complex processing and preservation of alimentary plants, mainly seasonal alimentary plants. The process according to the invention comprises--depending on the type of the plant--purifying and, if desired, crushing the plant, digesting it, adjusting it to other alcohol content of 15 to 45% by volume by adding ethanol before or after separation of the solid part, letting it stand for at least 3 weeks, then separating the solid and liquid phases, storing the liquid phase for an optional time, if desired absorbing carbon dioxide or in inert gas in the material to be fed in, then after pre-heating the liquid to a temperature between 50.degree. and 100.degree. C., distilling the alcohol from it by flash distillation under a pressure of 6.4-26.6 kPa, at a temperature of 40.degree. to 80.degree. C. by using both during the pre-heatment and distillation a dynamical carbon dioxide or other inert gas atmosphere and preparing a drinking juice under sterile conditions from the product of low alcohol content obtained as bottom product or subjecting it to an other processing method commonly used in the food industry known per se; and processing the alcoholic fraction obtained as head product to a liquor in a known way, or utilizing it for flavoring food products, or recyclizing it to the process, and, if desired, utilizing the solid material obtained in the separation before storage for a food industrial purpose after drying it in a known manner.</ABST><SPEC>SPECIFIC EXAMPLE The process according to the invention is illustrated in detail by the following non-limiting Examples. EXAMPLE 1 Preservation of morello fruit The fruit was processed by using the process according to the invention. After crushing and pressing 80% by weight (80 kg) of fibrous juice were obtained from 100 kg of fresh fruit. The alcohol content of the fibrous juice was adjusted to 25% by volume by adding pure ethanol of 96% by volume. The alcoholic fibrous fruit juice was left to stand for 3 weeks while promoting the complete dissolution by stirring daily for a short time. After stopping the stirring, the solid and liquid phase showed a pronounced separation and were easy to separate by physical method. Thereafter, the pure fruit juice (containing 22% by volume of alcohol after the losses) was stored under the conditions described above for 3 years. After the storage of 3 years the main characteristics of the semi-finished product were as follows: ______________________________________ Alcohol content: 21.3% by volume Sugar content: 72 g/liter total acid content: 10 g/liter Total extract: 91 g/liter ______________________________________ The product became more delicious, the tastes became more equilibrated, the acid sensation more blunt and the drink became more round and uniform. Subsequently, the removal of alcohol was carried out, by feeding in the material to be made free from alcohol at a rate of 10 liter/hour, pre-heating it to 75.degree. C., introducing CO.sub.2 at a rate of 50 liter/hour and carrying out the distillation under a pressure of 13.3 kPa at 65.degree. C. The separation resulted in the following products: ______________________________________ I. Fruit juice: 67% by volume Alcohol content: 0.9% by volume Titratable acid: 14 g/liter Total extract: 135 g/liter Sugar content: 107 g/liter II. Fruit fraction: 27% by volume Alcohol content: 56% by volume Volume loss: 6% (this could nearly completely be attributed to the alcohol taken away by the vacuum; this loss could be decreased by using a suitable trap) ______________________________________ The organoleptic examination afforded the expected results in the cases of both products. In addition to the primary flavors and bouquet substances of the fruit, fine secondary flavor substances were also developed. The fruit juice-semi-concentrate-could be consumed as a drinking juice in a dilution of 50 to 70% by volume. After supplementing its sugar content to 300 g/liter, a natural fruit juice was obtained. By using the above additional operations the alcohol content decreased below 0.5%. After carrying out the experiment with a cored fruit, the characteristic morello taste of the fruit juice became slightly weaker but it remained pleasant. The above experiments were carried out by using also other fruits such as apple or apricot and similar results were obtained. When necessary, e.g. in the case of apple and pear, a pectin-decomposing enzyme was added to the fibrous juice before admixing it with alcohol. EXAMPLE 2 PROCESSING OF GRAPE These experiments gave other, different results mainly in the relation of their utility. A special care was taken of the fast processing. After harvesting the grape was immediately pressed and preserved by using alcohol of 96% by volume in the previous manner. Due to the rapid preservation, the native reductones were less damaged and the color of the must did not become deeper. During the processing, contrary to the earlier practice, no sulfuring was used, which sulfuring has been destined to promote the digestion and, on the other hand, to ensure the microbiologic protection according to the usual practice. These tasks were solved by using alcohol. (The digestion related here to the residual fiber content of the must.) Further on, the process described in the preceding Example was followed. The more important analytical results of the mistelle were as follows: ______________________________________ Alcohol content: 18% by volume Sugar content: 140 g/liter Acid content: 5 g/liter Total extract: 159 g/liter ______________________________________ The alcohol was removed under the following circumstances: the material to be made free from alcohol was introduced at a rate of 10 liter/hour, by introducing 80 liter/hour of CO.sub.2, pre-heating to 60.degree. C. and distilling under a pressure of 20.0 kPa at 45.degree. C. The semi-concentrate obtained by removing the alcohol possessed several advantageous features compared with the semi-concentrates prepared according to known processes and used till now. It had a light color, had a reductive character, pleasent flavor and odor, optimal acid content and contained no sulfur or oxymethylfurfural. The possibility of utilization of the sweet reserve thus prepared bears a great importance in the enology since it is of natural character and free from any preservatives. (While adjusting the sugar content of "Spatlase", "Auslese" and "Ausbruch" wines it is extraordinarily important that the sugar-free extract be not decreased and the maximum total alcohol content be not increased by adding the mistelle.) EXAMPLE 3 Processing of tomato The technologic procedure of preservation of the tomato was developed on the basis of observations previously made on fruits. Processing: the tomato was crushed and the raw pulp obtained was mixed with alcohol of 96% by volume in a ratio resulting in an alcohol content between 20 and 22% by volume. After stirring for 24 hours the material became uniform. No change indicating oxidation was observed in the course of the digestion or stirring. The bouquet and taste of the pulp proved to be identical with those of the starting material. The liquid and solid phases were separated. Liquid phase (1/3 or 1/4 part by weight depending on the sort of tomato) A transparent drink with a pale reddish-yellow color, tomato bouquet and taste showing the following characteristics was obtained. ______________________________________ Alcohol content: 21.2% by volume Sugar content: 23.8 g/liter Acid content: 4.6 g/liter Brix-grade: 10.75 ______________________________________ (The concentration of the tomato juice was 11.0 Brix-grade before the separation.) This juice was unsuitable for the direct consumption since it was organoleptically very different from the taste accepted by the consumers. Solid phase (2/3 or 3/4 part by weight) It was a bright red material with the bouquet and taste of fresh tomato which was unsuitable for the direct consumption due to its residual alcohol content. Preparation of the finished product The liquid phase was made free from alcohol after 4 months as described above for the fruits. The material to be made free from alcohol was introduced at a rate of 15 liter/hour, by introducing 50 liter/hour of CO.sub.2, pre-heating to 80.degree. C., and distilling under a pressure of 13.3 kPa at a temperature of 45.degree. C. The alcohol recovered was a pale yellow fraction with a taste slightly reminiscent of tomato, with an alcohol content of 42.3% by volume. This alcohol fraction seemed to be suitable only for repeated use for preservation. Tomato juice made free from alcohol A drinking juice possessing the taste, bouquet and ingredient content of the fresh tomato was obtained which showed the following characteristics: ______________________________________ Alcohol content: 1.43% by volume Sugar content: 38.5 g/liter Acid content: 6.9 g/liter ______________________________________ In the preparation of the drinking juice as finished product the alcohol content was diminished suitably below 0.5% by dilution with water and the sugar content was adjusted between 40 and 60 g/liter. Processing of the solid phase to a finished product The remaining solid phase weighing about 1/3 part by weight was dried under suitable conditions under CO.sub.2 as protective gas under reduced pressure at 40.degree. C. until it became air-dry. In this way a brick-red tomato powder was obtained in the form of a non-oxidized fibrous product with a pleasant bouquet and taste. Utilization The dry product could be used as an additive or base material for various foods (e.g. muesli, desiccated soups and the like); furthermore it could be compressed to tablets together with other desiccated vegetables being useful for supplementing the alimentation by the intake of native fibrous material. EXAMPLE 4 Preservation of carrot 100 kg of fresh carrot was transmitted through a slicing machine, then after crushing and pressing, the alcohol content of the fibrous juice obtained was adjusted to 25% by volume by adding ethanol of 70% by volume. Soaking was continued for 4 weeks while macerating the mixture. During this period the cells of the plant were decomposed. The fibrous substance was in a nearly completely separated state; final separation was carried out by pressing. The separation of the alcohol from the alcoholic carrot juice was carried out after one year. The material to be made free from alcohol was introduced at a rate of 15 liter/hour by introducing 60 liter/hour of CO.sub.2, pre-heating to 60.degree. C. and distilling under a pressure of 24.0 kPa at a temperature of 40.degree. C. The head product was a transparent, pale yellow product containing 45% by volume of alcohol. The bottom product was a pleasant semi-concentrate showing the taste, color and flavor of carrot. The dilution and preparation of juice was performed as described in Example 1. After partly or completely drying the fibrous material remaining after pressing, as described in Example 3, a paste or tablets could be prepared, optionally with mixing the fibrous material with other vegetables. Utilization According to Example 3. The above investigations were carried out also with other sorts of vegetables, e.g. with two sorts of onion, celery and beetroot. The results obtained were analogous to those described above. When the fibrous material is kept in the alcoholic medium for a substantially longer time than 3 to 4 weeks after pressing, if necessary, it can be washed to alcohol-free with water and again pressed. EXAMPLE 5 Preparation of a celery extract 20 kg of fresh, washed celery-greens was crushed, placed in a fine, rust-proof net and put into a closed vessel. From the closed space the air was expelled by filling the vessel with CO.sub.2 up to a pressure of 1.2.times.10.sup.2 kPa, then 10 liters of alcohol of 40% by volume were filled into the vessel. The alcohol was stirred by a pump operated for 2.times.10 minutes in every hour for 5 days. After termination of this operation, the alcoholic extract was removed, the fibrous part was pressed and the alcoholic extract pressed out was combined with the alcoholic extract previously separated. In this way 22.6 liters of a dark-green celery extract with a characteristic celery bouquet and taste of an alcohol content of 17.6% by volume, as well as 7.3 g of fibrous residue were obtained. The extract could be stored for an optional period; the removal of the alcohol was carried out directly before the use. The material to be made free from alcohol was introduced at a rate of 10 liter/hour, by introducing 50 liter/hour of CO.sub.2, pre-heating to 75.degree. C. and distilling under a pressure of 10.0 kPa at a temperature of 55.degree. C. Thus, 11.5 liters of head product containing 32.8% by volume of alcohol and 10.3 liters of bottom product containing 0.5% by volume of alcohol were obtained. After supplementation of the alcohol content to 40% by volume, the head product was repeatedly utilized for preservation of celery. EXAMPLE 6 Use of a celery extract for the preparation of a flavored cheese The celery extract prepared according to Example 5 could be used e.g. for the preparation of cheese by mixing it in a ratio of 2 to 5% to milk pretreated as usual for the preparation of soft cheese (heat-treated milk adjusted to a desired fat content). Further on, the technological procedure of the preparation of soft cheese was performed. In the course of the cheese production several advantages of using the preservative-free extract of vegetables became evident. It became appearent that the microbiological-enzymatic processes playing an important role in the maturation of cheese were not inhibited by the extract. Thus, flavoured cheeses possessing a stable quality could be produced. In the finished product the flavor and bouquet of celery being in a peculiar harmony with the cheese could mildly and pleasantly be felt. FIELD OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to a complex process for the processing and preservation of alimentary plants, particularly seasonal alimentary plants, e.g. fruits and vegetables, which provides products free from preservatives, which are delicious, and which possess a high biological value as well as similar organoleptic properties as that of the original fresh, raw plant material. The plants and plant parts processed by using the process according to the invention can completely be utilized while the alcohol used as an auxiliary substance for preservation can be employed several times. The products obtained such as drink-concentrates, coloring concentrates and the like maintaining the original color and flavor of the plant may be used as soft drinks or for the preparation thereof, and as flavors for milk products, preferably whipped milk products, cheeses or flavored yogurts. The fibrous residue obtained in the processing may also be utilized for food-industrial purposes. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION It is known that most of the alimentary plants are of seasonal character and the ripening period of some fruits and vegetables is relatively short. This results in the following drawbacks: original, fresh fruits or vegetables are available only during a relatively short period of the year, the available processing capacity may not allow the complete utilization of the crop whereby a significant proportion is lost or is utilized in a less valuable manner (e.g. for distilling or for the preparation of fodders from fruits or vegetables), and the transfer of large amounts of biologically ripe fruits over long distances can be achieved only with high costs, if at all, and frequently with deterioration of the quality. The recently available processing methods offer to the researchers several tasks to be solved. e.g. one of the highest difficulties of preparing juices of natural raw material and other food compositions obtained from various fruits is that, in most cases, a long interval elapses up to the processing of the harvested fruits and bottling of the juice. During this period the protection of the fruit against microorganisms and inhibition of its native enzyme system should be ensured in a manner providing the most complete maintenance of nutritive ingredients and flavor substances of the freshly harvested fruits. According to the present practice, two methods are used, for accomplishing this task, however, these methods are expensive and are not fully satisfactory. 1) chemical preservation of the must is typically achieved by adding to the product 1000 to 1200 mg/liter of free sulfurous acid and storing product until the further processing. The sulfurous acid provides a real protection against microorganisms which, however, does not last for a long time since the acid becomes bound and has to be supplemented for maintaining its effect from time to time. According to the observations, the flavoring (aromatizing) materials are also damaged by sulfurous acid, particularly when the must stored is concentrated for the further processing. Due to the required long-lasting heat effect, in addition to the heat-decomposition of a part of the natural flavor substances, sulfur-containing flavor substances with an unpleasant taste may be formed. The health-damaging effect of sulfurous acid is also well-known. 2) Pasteurizing, another widely used method of preservation, does not fulfill all requirements either: The costs and the power demand of the equipment are high; the heat-effect used causes the loss of a part of flavor substances and eventually the occurrence of unpleasant flavor substances. It is particularly to be emphasized that heat-sensitive vitamins are decomposed during pasteurizing and thus, in addition, the biological value of the composition is also deteriorated together with the organoleptic value. The problem discussed above is valid to a greater or lesser degree also in the processing of vegetables. The preservation of tomato can be mentioned as an example. Ethanol has been used as an ideal preserving agent e.g. in the liquor industry since ancient times. The fruit compositions thus preserved are incorporated in alcoholic drinks. Ethanol is an optimal preserving agent due not only to its persistent action but also to the formation of various fruit esters enriching the original flavors of the fruits. This method of preservation, however, cannot be used widely because, due to its alcohol content, the utilization of the preserved plant material stabilized by ethanol is possible only in a limited range of food materials. OBJECT OF THE INVENTION Considering that the preservation by alcohol is more preferred than the other methods on the basis of a number of reasons to be discussed hereinafter, the object was set to develop a process which provides preservation by alcohol and removes the alcohol before the desired use of the product under mild conditions together with the optimal maintenance of the nutritive ingredients and flavor content of the plant and without using any preserving agent. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION There are several known methods for the complete or nearly complete removal of alcohol. These are used mainly for diminishing the alcohol content of wines, but, of course, similarly can be used for lowering the alcohol content of other alcoholic food products in the form of filtered solutions. There are known processes for the preparation of wines with such low alcohol content using e.g. distillation (e.g. Belgian patent specification No. 900,359) or using an osmotic method (e.g. European patent specification No. 162,240). However, by these methods the character, taste, flavor and bouquet of the original wine could not be successfully preserved. The alcohol-free product obtained by using the above methods is subsequently mixed with must or grape juice; thus, it is not the original wine, which is reconstituted in an alcohol-free modification but, rather a new soft drink is prepared by using it. The alcohol content of wine may also be diminished by extraction with high-pressure liquid CO.sub.2 (see e.g. the German patent specifications Nos. 2,902,007 and 3,024,005). A serious drawback of this process is that the alcohol content of the wine can be decreased only to a limited extent. On the basis of simultaneous consideration of productivity, investment cost and economical operation, the distillation method seems to be useful for industrial realization. Thus we investigated the distillation processes. However, the alcohol-free product or product of reduced alcohol content obtained by distillation under atmospheric conditions had an unpleasant (sour) after taste and this drawback could not be avoided either by carrying out the distillation under reduced pressure. Unexpectedly, it has been recognized that the disadvantages occurring in other distillation processes discussed above do not appear when ethanol is removed under a dynamical inert gas atmosphere, i.e. by distillation under reduced pressure while continuously introducing an inert gas. It is supposed that this might be attributed to the effect of the protective atmosphere, i.e. to the effect of CO.sub.2 or other inert gas environment advantageously influencing the relative volatility ratios in the ethanol/water system, exerting a salutary effect in respect of heat-decomposition and oxidative decomposition of the flavor and color substances. Another unexpected effect was observed when the dynamical inert gas atmosphere was ensured not only in the distilling equipment but also in the storage vessel of the alcohol-containing material to be distilled. By combining the preservation by ethanol known per se with the removal of alcohol according to the invention, an unexpectedly simple preservation process has been developed by which the quality of the stored product can be effectively preserved for a practically unlimited time. Disadvantages characterizing the known processes do not occur in the course of either the storage or the subsequent processing. During the mild removal of alcohol described above, the flavor substances of the material preserved are not damaged and the product retains its original taste, color and bouquet. The complex technological system according to the invention is useful to obtain the juice of fruits, vegetables and other plants and all other utilizable materials thereof, respectively, except the fibrous materials, in an economical manner, without using any preservative or pasteurizing, on the basis of physical, chemical properties and biological action mechanism of ethanol. The fibrous material is separated, treated depending on the intended utilization (drying, pelletizing and the like) and used e.g. as a basic material of muesli. A particular advantage of the present invention consists therein that its investment costs are very low and the equipment can be developed from the elements of the technological procedures of enology, the distilling industry and the canning industry. In the course of the process according to the invention 1) the fruits or vegetables, respectively are purified, digested and preserved by alcohol, 2) the preserved material is stored for the time desired, 3) alcohol is removed from the stored alcoholic fruits and/or vegetables by flash distillation under reduced pressure in a dynamical CO.sub.2 and/or inert gas atmosphere, 4) and optionally, the product is processed to the desired product by using a known technological procedure of the food industry or is incorporated into the desired product. The process according to the invention is hereinafter discussed in detail. 1) Purification, digestion and preservation In the first step of the technological procedure, purification and digestion depending on the type of the raw material used are carried out. Under "digestion" a mechanical and eventually supplementing enzymatic digestion, are meant in this description. Various kinds of vegetables and fruits, mainly seasonal vegetables and fruits are used. From the aspect of the process according to the invention, the most important fruits are e.g.: apple, plum, grape, cherry, morello, apricot, peach, orange, lemon, tangerine, grape fruit, field strawberry, raspberry, blackberry, red currant, pear, quince, avocado, pineapple, banana, gooseberry, cornel, bilberry, blackthorn, medlar, muscatmelon, watermelon, kiwi, mango, maracuja, date, fig, elderberry, rhubarb, coffee, nut and coconut. The most significant vegetables include e.g.: carrot, parsley, parsnip, celery, onion, leek, chives, garlic, paprika, tomato, cabbage, savoy, Brussels sprouts, kohlrabi, cucumber, zucchini, pumpkin, patisian, aubergine, cauliflower, broccoli, sorrel, spinach, mangold, french beans, sugar peas, soy, lettuce, mushroom, asparagus, radish, beetroot and horseradish. After a suitable purification the raw material used is subjected to digestion. From the view-point of digestion the raw materials used are divided to two main types. Type I: Fruits and vegetables rich in juice, such as morello, cherry, raspberry, red currant, gooseberry, grape, apricot, peach and the like as well as e.g. tomato. From these fruits and vegetables a fibrous juice is obtained after crushing by pressing. The juice obtained is directly introduced into the storage vessel where it is mixed with alcohol to adjust the alcohol content of the mixture to a value between 15 and 45% by volume. Under the effect of alcohol the digestion completely proceeds by diffusion within a few weeks; heating or cooling is unneccessary. The solid and liquid phases of the alcoholic mixture are well separated; they are easy to separate by a simple racking. Type II: Apple, pear and other fruits containing less juice, and vegetables such as carrot, beetroot, celery, squash, cucumber, garlic, onion, paprika and the like. Here, the digestion is preceded by a physical grinding. The ground and crushed material is soaked in alcohol and macerated to promote the digestion; if desired, a digestion-promoting, e.g. pectin-decomposing enzyme is used before adding alcohol. During the above operation, the soluble components of the fruits or vegetable are dissolved within a short period whereas a high percentage of the solid parts is broken down. In this case the separation of the macerate has to be accelerated by using e.g. a suitable press. 2) Storage The storage and the subsequent technological procedure are uniform and independent of the type of the starting material. After the following separation a fiber free, alcoholic juice of fruit or vegetables, respectively with a complete value is obtained. The alcohol content is suitably adjusted between 15 to 30% by volume. The biological stability is completely ensured by such an alcohol content. It is a proved fact that neither fungi nor bacteria can exert their biological effects in the presence of such an alcohol amount. Any storage vessel used in the food industry is suitable for the storage. In the case of a long period storage suitably closed, light-protective vessels insulated from heat are used, however, the ascertainment of sterility is not an essential viewpoint in this stage either. Under these conditions each of the original preferable properties, i.e. color, flavor, sugar and vitamin content and the like of the semi-finished product can be maintained under the natural conditions even for 3-6 years according to our investigations. 3) The removal of alcohol The rough scheme of the equipment used for removing the alcohol is illustrated in the figure. The main elements of this equipment are: 1. Feed tank with introduction of CO.sub.2 and/or inert gas 2. Pre-heating and film-distilling equipment 3. Head product receiving trap 4. Vacuum pump 5. Inlets for CO.sub.2 and/or inert gas 6. Cooled trap for receiving the product 7. Valves The operation of the above equipment is summarized hereinafter. The alcoholic extract of the fruit or vegetables used as starting raw material is filled into the feed tank 1. Optionally, CO.sub.2 or an inert gas is absorbed in the extract before beginning the operation. While keeping the inlet valve 5.sub.1 for CO.sub.2 and/or inert gas in an open state, the vacuum pump 4 is switched on. The operation of cooling and heating cycles of the film-evaporator 2 is controlled. After achieving the desired temperature and reduced pressure, the feeding of the material is started through the pre-heater into the film-evaporator by opening the feed-regulating valve 7.sub.1. After termination of the operation, the alcohol-free product and ethanol, obtained are emptied respectively by opening the bottom product-emptying valve 7.sub.2 and head product-emptying valve 7.sub.3. During the above operation preferably helium or nitrogen, more preferably CO.sub.2 are used as inert gases. The pre-heating is performed up to a temperature of 50.degree. to 100.degree. C. By using the above equipment, the reaction conditions of the flash distillation are as follows: pressure: 6.4-26.6 kPa, preferably 6.4-23.9 kPa; temperature 40.degree. to 80.degree. C., preferably 60.degree. to 80.degree. C., more preferably 65.degree. to 80.degree. C.; CO.sub.2 and/or inert gas are introduced in an 5 to 10-fold amount calculated on the volume of the alcoholic extract of fruit or vegetables fed in. After the desired storage period for the preparation of the finished product the main task is to separate the alcohol used for preservation from the juice of fruit or vegetables. This operation can rapidly be carried out at a relatively low temperature by using the alcohol-removing equipment described above while the product completely retains its flavor and color substances. By the separation two products are obtained: The bottom product, i.e. a juice of vegetables or fruit with an alcohol content of 0.3 to 1% by volume, which requires sterile conditions (during both the further storage and formulation). This product can also directly be consumed, is delicious and possesses a high biological value. The other, similarly important product obtained in course of the separation carried out by distillation is a fruit or vegetable fraction of about 30 to 51% by volume of alcohol which product can be directly consumed and it is a fine, peculiar alcoholic drink with a pleasant bouquet. 4) Further processing of the products obtained a) If desired, the juice of vegetables or fruit obtained as bottom product may be processed to jelly, drinking juice or natural flavoring in a known manner. In the preparation of the drinking juice a 0 to 10-fold dilution is used. b) If desired, the juice of fruit or vegetables containing 30 to 51% by volume of alcohol obtained as head product may further be refined up to an alcohol concentration of 60 to 80% by volume in the distilling equipment according to the demands. This fraction with a high alcohol content may be recycled into the preservation procedure and again utilized for the preservation of fresh plant material. (It should be noted that the recycled alcohol can be used for preserving only the same fruit from which it has been separated since a small part of the flavor components is present in this fraction.) After several uses the amount of flavor substances is increased; their accumulation has an advantageous effect on the juices preserved. The concentrates and coloring concentrates prepared from the juices of vegetables and fruits can be utilized as flavoring and coloring substances, e.g. for flavouring and/or coloring of milk products, mainly of whipped milk products, cheeses or yogurts. The process discussed above possesses several advantages in comparison to the known processes. The most important advantages are the followings: it can be used within a practically unlimited scope of fruits and vegetables, the plant material can be stored for a practically unlimited period, the alcohol can be removed from the material stored simultaneously with the complete retention of the flavors, colors and other valuable ingredients, the obtained product ready for consumption does not contain any preserving agent, due to the nearly complete removal of alcohol, the product obtained can widely be utilized, and the alcohol distilled out from the stored product may be used as alimentary substance or recycled in the process whereby the economy of the process can be improved. </SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A process for complex processing and preservation of a fruit or vegetable, to obtain a fruit or vegetable juice having an alcohol content of 0.3 to 1% by volume, which comprises the steps of: (a) purifying and digesting the fruit or vegetable; (b) preserving the fruit or vegetable by adding ethanol thereto so that the fruit or vegetable has an alcohol content of 15 to 45% by volume; (c) allowing the fruit or vegetable treated with ethanol according to step (b) to stand for a period of time sufficient to form a solid phase and a liquid phase containing the ethanol; (d) separating the solid phase from the liquid phase of the fruit or vegetable treated with ethanol, and storing the liquid phase for up to 6 years where biological stability of the liquid phase is ensured by the ethanol; (e) flash-distilling the ethanol from the liquid phase under a reduced pressure of 6.4 to 26.6 kPa, at a temperature of 40.degree. to 80.degree. C. by continuously employing a dynamic inert gas atmosphere to obtain as a bottom product, a fruit or vegetable juice having an alcohol content of 0.3 to 1% by volume, and as a head product, an alcoholic fraction; (f) preparing a juice under sterile conditions from the bottom product which can be utilized for drinking or for flavoring a food product; and (g) processing the head product containing the alcoholic fraction to form a liquor, utilizing said head product for flavoring food products, or recycling said head product to said preserving process according to step (b). 2. 2. The process defined in claim 1 wherein according to step (a) the digestion is carried out mechanically. 3. 3. The process defined in claim 1 wherein according to step (a) the digestion is carried out using a pectin-decomposing enzyme. 4. 4. The process defined in claim 1 wherein according to step (e) the flash-distilling of the ethanol from the liquid phase is carried out under a pressure of 6.4 to 23.9 kPa. 5. 5. The process defined in claim 1 wherein according to step (e) the flash-distilling of the ethanol from the liquid phase is carried out at a temperature between 40.degree. and 70.degree. C. 6. 6. The process defined in claim 1 wherein according to step (e) the flash-distilling of the ethanol from the liquid phase is carried out using carbon dioxide as the inert gas atmosphere. 7. 7. The process defined in claim 1 wherein according to step (f) the fruit or vegetable juice is concentrated. 8. 8. The process defined in claim 1 wherein following step (d) the solid phase separated from the liquid phase is subjected to drying, then granulating or formulating by pressing. 9. 9. The process defined in claim 1 wherein according to step (f), the juice from the bottom product is celery juice used to flavor soft cheese with a celery taste by mixing the celery juice in an amount of 2 to 5% with milk pretreated for preparing soft cheese. 10. 10. The process defined in claim 1 wherein according to step (f), the juice from the bottom product is a drinking juice and is diluted with water by 0 to 10 fold. 11. 11. The process defined in claim 1 wherein according to step (e), the liquid phase is allowed to absorb the inert gas prior to flash-distilling the liquid phase to remove the ethanol.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176930</DOCNO><APP-NO>685522</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910415</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176930</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B65D 85/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426124</PRI-USPC><CITATION>4275811/19810600	4321997/19820300	4410578/19831000	4619361/19861000	4720410/19880100	4935282/19900600	4940621/19900700</CITATION><INVENTOR>Kannankeril; Charles P.<tab>Cruikshank; Bruce A.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Sealed Air Corporation</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Food package and absorbent pad with edge wicking</TITLE><ABST>A food package and absorbent pad therefor provides for absorption of liquids from the edges thereof and an increased rate of absorbency by the pad including upper and lower layers of normally liquid impervious material and an intermediate layer of absorbent material therebetween, at least one of the upper and lower layers are perforated to admit liquids into the pad by capillary action and a portion of the absorbent intermediate layer extends to the periphery of the pad to wick liquids into the pad, the upper and lower layers and the portion of the intermediate layer are secured together around the periphery of the pad without significantly hindering the wicking of liquids into the pad while substantially preventing reverse migration of liquids out of the pad. Additives may be incorporated in the pad to provide super absorbency, bactericidal characteristics or deodorization.</ABST><SPEC>DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENT Referring more specifically to the drawings, there is shown in FIG. 5 one form of a food package 10 embodying the features of the present invention. As illustrated, food package 10 includes a tray 11 and an overwrap 12 of transparent flexible material, such as polyethylene film. Tray 11 is formed of any suitable material, such as expanded polystyrene, molded pulp or any other material compatible with the food products desired to be contained and displayed in the food package 10. Tray 11 includes a bottom wall 11a, side walls 11b and end walls 11c integrally formed to provide a receptacle or container for receiving and containing therein a food product F, illustrated in the form of a chicken carcass in FIG. 5. While preferred, tray 11 is not the only type or form of receptacle or container for the food product F. Such containers may be in any form currently employed in packaging food products for display, storage, etc. For example, it is well known that food products may also be packaged in plastic film bags, as well as various and sundry other containers, including paperboard boxes. The present invention also contemplates that the food package 10 include an absorbent pad 13 (FIG. 2) resting on the bottom wall 11a of the container and adapted to receive the food product F thereon. The absorbent pad 13 will support the food product thereon and is adapted to absorb liquids in the form of juices, water or the like exuded from the food product during display, storage, handling and the like. Absorbent pad 13 includes an upper layer 14 preferably of liquid impervious plastic film material, such as plastic film, e.g. polyethylene, or release coated paper, e.g. cellophane silicone coated paper or quilon-coated paper, and a lower layer 15 which is preferably liquid pervious. Pad 13 also includes an intermediate layer 16 comprising a mat of absorbent material which is disposed between the upper and lower layers 14 and 15. At least one of the upper and lower layers 14 and 15 preferably have a plurality of perforations 20 formed therein to impart liquid permeability to the normally liquid impervious material from which the upper and lower layers are formed. Preferably, only lower layer 15 has perforations 20 therein, while upper layer 14 remains liquid impervious. Accordingly, any liquids exuded from the food product which rests on upper layer 14 will flow outwardly along upper layer 14 to the edges of pad 13 and downwardly beneath the pad into contact with lower layer 15. The perforations 20 in lower layer 15 cause the liquid to pass upwardly therethrough by capillary action into the interior of pad 13 where such exudants are absorbed by the intermediate layer 16. Intermediate layer 16 comprises a mat 16a of absorbent fibers, such as wood fluff, which are relatively inexpensive and highly absorbent. It should be understood that, while preferred, the wood fluff could be replaced by several layers of absorbent tissue paper. To isolate the very short wood fluff fibers in the mat 16a from the perforations 20, a layer of tissue paper 16b is preferably placed between the mat 16a and the lower layer 15 to act as a mechanical barrier between the perforations 20 and the short wood fluff fibers. The tissue layer 16b may be of any suitable paper which has sufficient integrity to maintain its structure when wet by liquids exuded from the food product. One such material is commonly referred to as facial grade tissue or wet strength tissue. Various additives may be included in or on intermediate layer 16 to increase its liquid absorbency, to provide bactericidal properties or to provide deodorizer capability. To provide increased absorbency, a super absorbent polymer additive, such as a synthesized starch, e.g. the starch-acrylonitrile graft co-polymer as described in U.S. Pat. No. 3,661,815 or carboxy methyl cellulose, may be incorporated in or provided on the surface of mat 16a. Additionally, a bactericidal agent, such as potassium sorbate, may be added to the intermediate layer 16 to retard bacteria growth. Finally, a food grade deodorizing agent, such as lemon scent, may be added to intermediate layer 16 to mask undesirable odors. The upper and lower layers 14 and 15 extend beyond the periphery of the mat 16a and are secured together around the periphery of the mat 16a as indicated in FIG. 4 at 21. In accordance with the present invention, the rate of absorbency of pad 13 is enhanced and increased and pad 13 is provided with the capability of absorbing liquids in food packages stored or displayed in a attitude other than horizontal, by having at least a portion of the intermediate layer 16 extend outwardly between upper and lower layers 14 and 15 to the outer periphery of the pad 13 so as to contact any liquids exuded from the food product to wick such liquids into the interior of pad 13 for absorption therewithin. In the illustrated embodiment, the portion of intermediate layer 16 that extends outwardly between the upper and lower layers 14 and 15 to the periphery of the pad is the tissue layer 16b (FIG. 4). The tissue layer 16b and the upper and lower layers 14 and 15 are secured together at 21, as by an adhesive, such as a hot melt adhesive. The adhesive securement 21 does not significantly interfere with the wicking action of tissue layer 16b so that tissue layer 16b can still wick substantial amounts of liquid into the interior of the pad 13. However, it has been determined that the adhesive securement 21 will substantially prevent any liquids wicked into the interior of pad 13 from any significant reverse migration or leaking back out of the pad. Accordingly, all liquids passing into the interior of the pad either through perforations 20 or by the wicking action of tissue layer 16b will be substantially confined therein and prevented from returning into contact with the food product. In certain instances, the weight of the food product resting on absorbent pad 13 may limit the capability of the absorbent pad 13 to absorb a sufficient quantity or amount of liquid so that all of the liquids exuded by the food product may not be absorbed. The present invention contemplates that such absorbency limitations may be obviated by the inclusion in absorbent pad 13 of load bearing additives or spacers to resist compression of intermediate layer 16 of absorbent pad 13 by the food product. Any inert load bearing elements, such as ground or comminuted polyethylene foam or strips of air bubble-type packaging material, may be incorporated in intermediate layer 16 in a manner not shown. In the figures and specification, there has been disclosed a preferred embodiment of the invention. While specific terms are employed, they are used in a generic and descriptive sense only, and not for purposes of limiting the scope of the invention as set forth in the following claims. FIELD AND BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates to a food package of the type used to contain and display various food products, and more particularly to such a food package including an absorbent pad having an increased rate of absorbency. It is conventional practice to display meat, poultry and certain other food products in individual packages which comprise a supporting tray or other container with an absorbent pad of tissue-like paper wadding in the bottom of the tray or container to absorb any juices or liquids exuded from the food product. A transparent outer plastic wrapping is also usually employed to cover and surround the food product and tray to complete the package. In an effort to extend the shelf-life of such food products, various and sundry absorbent pads have been proposed. U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,275,811 and 4,321,997 to Miller and owned by the assignee of the present invention disclose an absorbent pad which has been particularly successful in food product packages for absorbing juices or other exuded liquids. The absorbent pad disclosed therein comprises a mat of liquid absorbent material, an upper liquid impermeable plastic sheet overlying the absorbent mat, and a perforated lower plastic sheet underlying the absorbent mat. The upper and lower plastic sheets extend beyond the absorbent mat and are sealed together to enclose the absorbent mat therebetween. When a food product is positioned upon the upper sheet of the absorbent pad, any exuded liquids will flow around the pad and enter the pad by capillary action through the perforations in the lower sheet, and the liquids will be held out of contact with the food product to thereby minimize contamination of the food product and maintain its appearance and improve its shelf-life. Previously proposed absorbent pads have exhibited some difficulties in absorbing liquids exuded from food products when the food packages ar disposed in an attitude other than horizontal. Food packages frequently are stored or displayed in a tilted or angled position with one side or end of the package much lower than the opposite side or end. With the food package so tilted, the liquids exuded from the food product will flow to the lowermost side or end of the package. Previously proposed food pads have exhibited difficulty in absorbing such liquids because the liquids may be either out of o only in partial contact with the perforations in the lower layer. While providing a sufficient rate of absorbency for food products, certain food products exude liquids in such amounts and at such rates that previous absorbent pads cannot absorb the exuded liquids rapidly enough to prevent the exuded liquids from returning into contact with the food product. Certain pads have been proposed in which the absorbent mat was exposed along the edges of the pad by having the upper and lower plastic layers either not sealed together or sealed together only along a portion of the periphery of the pad. Problems have been experienced with such prior pads in that the absorbent mat can wick more liquids into the mat than the absorbent material thereof can retain. Accordingly, the wicked-in liquid often leaks out of the pad and may return into contact with the food product. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION It is therefore an object of the present invention to provide a food package, and an absorbent pad therefore, which overcome the deficiencies and disadvantages of prior food packages and absorbent pads. It is a more specific object of the present invention to provide an absorbent pad for a food package which will absorb all liquids exuded by the food product even if the food package is stored in an attitude other than horizontal. It is a still more specific object of the present invention to provide an absorbent pad for a food package in which an increased rate of absorbency is provided without the possibility of significant amounts of liquids wicked into the pad leaking therefrom and returning into contact with the food product. The foregoing objects of the present invention are accomplished by providing a food package having an absorbent pad therein which provides for wicking of liquids into the pad, as well as for absorption of liquids through the lower sheet by capillary action. In accordance with this invention, the absorbent pad comprises upper and lower sheets of flexible thermoplastic film and an absorbent mat confined between the two sheets of plastic film. At least the lower sheet of plastic film is preferably perforated so as to become liquid pervious and to admit liquid into the interior of the pad through capillary action. At least a portion of the absorbent mat extends outwardly between the upper and lower layers of plastic film so that this portion of the absorbent mat comes into contact with liquid exuded from the food product and wicks that liquid into the interior of the pad. The upper and lower layers of plastic film and the portion of the absorbent mat are secured together around the periphery of the pad in such a way that the wicking of liquids into the interior of the pad for absorption by the absorbent mat is not substantially hindered while preventing any substantial or significant leakage of liquids out of the pad whereby such liquids are prevented from returning into contact with the food product. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is an exploded perspective view of an absorbent pad and food tray embodying the features of the present invention; FIG. 2 is a perspective view of the pad shown in FIG. 1; FIG. 3 is a fragmentary, enlarged perspective view of the lower layer of the pad shown in FIGS. 1 and 2; FIG. 4 is an enlarged, fragmentary sectional view taken substantially along line 4--4 in FIG. 2; and FIG. 5 is a perspective view of a food package embodying the features of the present invention.</SPEC><CLAIM>That which is claimed is: 1. 1. A food package for displaying and storing a food product adapted to exude liquids therefrom characterized by an increased rate of absorbency and by the ability of absorb liquids exuded from the food product irrespective of the usual positions in which the food package is stored or displayed, said package comprising a container for confining and displaying a food product, including a bottom wall for supporting the food product thereon, and an absorbent pad disposed within said container and overlying and resting upon said bottom wall thereof, said pad comprising upper and lower layers of normally liquid impervious material and an intermediate layer of absorbent material, said intermediate layer having two superposed portions, one of which extends to the periphery of the absorbent pad between said upper and lower layers so as to contact liquid exuded from a food product and wick that liquid into the interior of said pad for absorption by said intermediate layer, the other portion of said intermediate layer being confined wholly within said upper and lower layers, said upper and lower layers and said one portion of said intermediate layer being secured together around the periphery of said absorbent pad to prevent any substantial amount of liquids which enter the interior of the absorbent pad to form a seal spaced outwardly from said other portion of said intermediate layer and from reverse migration therefrom without significantly interfering with the wicking action of said one portion of said intermediate layer. 2. 2. A food package according to claim 1 wherein said container comprises a tray having a bottom wall and side and end walls integral therewith and an overwrap of film material covering said tray. 3. 3. A food package according to claim 1 wherein said intermediate layer comprises a plurality of layers of absorbent material, one layer of which extends to the outer periphery of the pad between said upper and lower layers. 4. 4. A food package according to claim 3 wherein said intermediate layer comprises a mat of wood fluff fibers and a layer of tissue disposed between said mat and said perforated layer, and wherein said tissue layer extends to the periphery of the pad. 5. 5. A food package according to claim 4 wherein said upper, lower and tissue layers are adhesively secured together around the outer periphery of the pad. 6. 6. A food package according to claim 1 wherein at least one of said upper and lower layers have a plurality of perforations therein to make the same liquid permeable so that liquids exuded by the food product will also penetrate into said pad through said perforations to be absorbed by said intermediate layer. 7. 7. A food package according to claim 1 wherein said intermediate layer includes a super absorbent polymer. 8. 8. A food package according to claim 1 wherein said absorbent pad includes a bactericidal agent between said upper and lower layers to retard bacteria growth within said absorbent pad. 9. 9. A food package according to claim 1 wherein said absorbent pad includes a food grade deodorizing agent between said upper and lower layers to mask undesirable odors in said food package. 10. 10. An absorbent pad for use in a food package characterized by the capability of absorbing liquids from the edges thereof and by an increased rate of absorbency, said pad comprising upper and lower layers of normally liquid impervious material, an intermediate layer of absorbent material disposed between said upper and lower layers for absorbing liquids exuded from a food product, said intermediate layer comprising first and second superposed portions, said first portion extending outwardly to the periphery of said pad between said upper and lower layers to wick liquids exuded from a food product into said pad, said second portion being confined wholly within the interior of said pad between said upper and lower layers, and means securing said upper and lower layers and said first portion of said intermediate layer together around the outer periphery thereof to form a seal spaced outwardly from said second portion of said intermediate layer without significantly hindering or interfering with the wicking action of said first portion of said intermediate layer while preventing substantially reverse migration of liquids from the interior of said pad. 11. 11. An absorbent pad according to claim 10 wherein at least one of said upper and lower layers have a plurality of perforations therein to make the same liquid permeable so that liquids exuded by the food product will also penetrate into said pad through said perforations to be absorbed by said intermediate layer. 12. 12. An absorbent pad according to claim 11 wherein said intermediate layer comprises a mat of wood fluff fibers and at least one layer of tissue paper disposed between said mat and said at least one perforated layer, and wherein said at least a portion of said intermediate layer extending to the periphery of said pad is said tissue layer. 13. 13. An absorbent pad according to claim 12 wherein said means securing the upper, lower and tissue layers together is an adhesive and extends around the periphery of said pad. 14. 14. An absorbent pad according to claim 10 further comprising a super absorbent polymer between said upper and lower layers to provide substantially increased absorbency in said absorbent pad. 15. 15. An absorbent pad according to claim 10 further comprising a bactericidal agent between said upper and lower layers to retard bacteria growth in said absorbent pad. 16. 16. An absorbent pad according to claim 10 further comprising a food grade deodorizing agent between said upper and lower layers to mask undesirable odors within said absorbent pad.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176931</DOCNO><APP-NO>851215</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19920313</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176931</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A23L  1/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426242</PRI-USPC><CITATION>2472971/19490600	3031305/19620400	3264113/19660800	4555409/19851100</CITATION><INVENTOR>Herbster; Jeffrey C.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Wenger Manufacturing, Inc.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Preparation of masa flour</TITLE><ABST>A short-time, low-pollution method of preparing masa flour is provided which yields flour equivalent to conventionally fabricated masas with a total processing time significantly less than prior techniques. The procedure preferably comprises subjecting alkali-treated, debranned and moisturized grain (e.g., corn) to near infrared radiation in order to partially cook the grain. The grain can then be milled to desired particle size specifications. Masa prepared in accordance with the invention may be produced in as little as one-half hour, as compared with prior methods involving many hours of preparation time. The preferred alkali treatment of the grain prior to infrared processing substantially reduces pollution inherent in prior art methods.</ABST><SPEC>DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENT Turning first to FIG. 1, a process flow diagram setting forth the preferred steps in the production of corn masa flour is provided. The method involves first providing an appropriate quantity of whole food grade yellow or white corn which typically has a moisture content of from about 9-15% by weight. This corn is then subjected to an alkali treatment process of the type described by Mistry, et al. in a paper entitled "Dry Milling and Physical Characteristics of Alkali-Debranned Yellow Dent Corn", appearing in Cereal Chemistry, 69 (1):82-84 (1992). This paper is incorporated by reference herein. Similar alkali treatments are disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,264,113, 3,031,305 and 2,472,971. In more detail, the preferred alkali treatment comprises first preparing an alkali metal hydroxide solution, such as a 6% NaOH solution. This solution is then heated to a temperature of from about 100.degree.-160.degree. F., more preferably from about 120.degree.-150.degree. F., and most preferably about 135.degree. F. At this point, the corn is added to the heated solution at a level of from about 1:1-4:1 solution:corn on a weight/weight basis. Most preferably, the corn is added at a level of about 2:1 solution:corn. The corn is allowed to remain in the alkali solution for a period of from about 2-12 minutes, more preferably of from about 5-10 minutes, and most preferably about 7 minutes. The corn is then removed from the alkali solution. The corn may be allowed to set and equilibrate for any convenient time (e.g., 24-72 hours), if desired. However, for the most efficient production, little or no equilibration time is required, and the alkali-treated corn may be directly passed into a rotary grain abrasion device. Such a device is conventional in the milling industry, and serves to mechanically remove pericarp from the whole kernel corn. One useful abrading unit consists of a plastic bristle brush rotating at 160 rpm over a 12-mesh, 150 mm (in diameter) circular screen with a continuous water spray. The peeled pericarp is washed through the 12-mesh screen and collected over a 100-mesh screen below. The process water is recirculated until all of the corn is largely free of pericarp. In practice, the corn should be processed in the abrading device from a period of about 2-10 minutes, typically about 5 minutes. After abrading, the corn is placed in a continuous corn washer that removes the remainder of any pericarp. The washer includes a rotatable, perforated reel with internal water jets, and has a strainer for catching the removed pericarp. The debranned corn resulting from this process has a moisture content of from about 15-35% by weight, more preferably from about 20-30% by weight, and most preferably about 25% by weight. The pH of 1:1 (w/w) mixture of water and this debranned corn ranges from about 6.5-7.5. In the next step as set forth in FIG. 1, the debranned, moisturized corn is subjected to infrared radiation in a micronizer or similar device. The purpose of micronizing is to cause rapid heating of at least the outer portion of the corn while effecting cooking of a fraction of the starch granules therein. In the micronizing process, near infrared or micron sized wavelength radiation is employed, basically in the range of from about 1.8-3.4 microns. This near infrared radiation penetrates the grain, causing constituent molecules to vibrate at a frequency on the order of 8.8.times.10.sup.7 MHz, up to 1.7.times.10.sup.8 MHz. The resultant inter-molecular friction causes rapid internal heating and a rise in water vapor pressure. Micronizing is a relatively simple process, wherein the corn is conveyed along a moving belt or vibrating pan over which a near infrared manifold is suspended. The belt is normally vibrated to insure that the corn is constantly turned over, thus exposing all surfaces to the radiation. The rate of flow, and therefore the residence time in the micronizer, is controlled by adjusting the angle of the conveyor. Micronizing is described in U.S. Pat. No. 3,694,220 as well as in a 1989 thesis by Kay Timmins entitled "The Microscopic Examination of Micronized and Extruded Cereals and Cereal Products", both of the latter being incorporated by reference herein. In the context of the present invention, the near infrared processing should be carried out for a period of from about 10-270 seconds, more preferably from about 50-150 seconds, and most preferably about 90 seconds. The near infrared radiation should have a wavelength of from about 1.8-3.5 microns, and most preferably is in the range from about 2.5 to 3.4 microns. The temperature of the corn exiting the near infrared processor should be from about 140.degree.-260.degree. F., more preferably from about 150.degree.-225.degree. F., and most preferably about 185.degree. F. The moisture of this exiting corn should be from about 7-20% by weight MCWB, more preferably from about 10-15% by weight MCWB, and most preferably about 14% by weight MCWB. As further illustrated in FIG. 1, following near infrared treatment, the corn should be cooled to ambient using any conventional and expedient technique such as an ambient air cooler. Alternately, the micronized corn may be directed to a holding tank wherein additional cooking will occur by virtue of the elevated temperature of the corn. Such a set period could range up to about 60 minutes, and provide whatever additional cooking may be desired by the processor. After such set time, the corn would then be directed to a cooler as described. At this point, the corn is cooked to the desired extent and fully debranned. The final step involves simply milling the corn to a desired particle size specification, the latter being dictated by the desired end use. Such specifications are well known in the art and vary from customer to customer. The final corn masa flour is normally used by rehydrating the flour with water, and commonly a 1:1 (w/w) flour:water ratio is used. After such rehydration, the masa flour of the invention will exhibit a moisture level of from about 45-55%, and more preferably from about 48-52%. Microscopic examination of the masa flours produced in accordance with the invention show that they are very similar to conventional flours of this character. Specifically, such examinations demonstrate that the masa flours hereof exhibit substantially intact starch granules with the greatest proportion of these granules non-gelatinized, and respective smaller proportions thereof partially and fully gelatinized. Typical conventional masa flour will have 55% of the starch granules non-gelatinized, 25% partially gelatinized, and 20% fully gelatinized, and the processing steps of the present invention can be selected to essentially duplicate these percentages. Similar techniques can be employed in the production of masa-type flours from other grains, most notably wheat. The following examples describe the preferred techniques for producing masa flour in accordance with the invention. It is to be understood, however, that the examples are presented by way of illustration only, and nothing therein should be taken as a limitation upon the overall scope of the invention. EXAMPLE 1 In this example, cleaned, whole kernel food grade corn (yellow or white) is treated to produce precooked masa flour. In the first step, fifty pounds of a 6% sodium hydroxide solution is made and heated to a temperature of 135.degree. F. Twenty-five pounds of the food grade corn is next added to the heated solution, and allowed to stand for about 7 minutes in order to break the chemical bonds between the pericarp and endosperm fractions of the corn, thus loosening the pericarp without substantial dissolution thereof. After this alkali treatment is completed, the corn is removed from the hydroxide solution and placed in a conventional rotary grain abrasion unit of the type described previously. This device serves to further mechanically loosen the pericarp from the whole kernel corn. In practice, the corn is processed in the abrasion unit for about 5 minutes. The debranned corn is then placed in a continuous grain washer having a perforated, rotatable reel with water jets. The washer serves to detach the loosened pericarp from the kernel corn. The detached pericarp is caught in the strainer of the washing device for subsequent processing or disposal (e.g., neutralize with acid to yield an approximately 92% dietary fiber), and the resultant debranned corn is ready for near infrared treatment. As it emerges from the washer, the debranned corn has a moisture content of approximately 25% by weight MCWB and a pH of from about 6.5-7.5 in a 1:1 (w/w) corn/water mixture. In this example, the debranned corn is allowed to set undisturbed for over 24 hours, inasmuch as the micronizing equipment was physically separated from the alkali treatment and washing apparatus. It is believed, however, that such set time is not required to obtain the desirable results of the invention. The debranned and moisturized kernel corn is next directed to a micronizer apparatus for near infrared treatment. The micronizer is operated to give a retention time of approximately 90 seconds, resulting in a grain temperature at the exit of the micronizer of 185.degree. F. and a moisture content of 14% by weight MCWB. The wavelength of the near infrared radiation used is in the range of 2.5-3.4 microns. The pan transporting the debranned corn under the infrared burners is vibrated at 60 Hz, and the inclined setting of the main vibrator was 1", in decline. The effect of micronizing is to gelatinize (i.e., cook) a minor fraction of the starch granules in the corn, to partially gelatinize a greater percentage thereof, and to leave at least about 50% of the granules not gelatinized. The starch granules also retain their identity by virtue of the near infrared treatment. This substantially duplicates the cooked condition of traditional masa flour. In the next step, the micronized corn is directed to a conventional ambient air cooler where the corn kernels are cooled to ambient. At this point, the corn is milled to desired specifications for a particular masa flour. In this case, the corn was ground to the following sieve profile, typical for use in making tortilla chips: ______________________________________ U.S. Mesh % By Weight ______________________________________ +20 7.04 +30 8.46 +40 18.78 +60 26.00 +80 38.00 +100 1.67 &lt;100 .05 ______________________________________ EXAMPLE 2 In the following example, white and yellow corn samples were treated as set forth in Example 1. The alkali treatment, abrading and washing steps were carried out as in Example 1, followed by micronizer treatment and subsequent cooling. The following table summarizes the micronizer conditions. TABLE ______________________________________ RUN # 1 2 3 ______________________________________ Grain Debranned Debranned Debranned Yellow Corn Yellow Corn Yellow Corn Near IR Wave- 3.5/750 3.0/800 3.0/800 length .mu./ Temperature .degree.C. Vibration Fre- 60 Hz 60 Hz 60 Hz quency of Main Pan Incline of Main Pan 1" Decline 1" Decline 1" Decline Retention Time 85 sec. 85 sec. 85 sec. Main Gas/Air 2.5 2.75 2.75 Butterfly Setting Rate Entering 16.2 lb/min. 16.2 lb/min. 16.2 lb/min. Micronizer Grain Moisture 18.33% 18.33% 17.01% Entering Micronizer by weight by weight by weight Grain Moisture 12.36% 14.02% 15.78% Exiting Micronizer by weight by weight by weight Grain Temperature -- 185.degree. F. 193.degree. F. Exiting Micronizer ______________________________________ These three grain products were then milled to an appropriate size for masa flour. They were each tested qualitatively by mixing flour and water 1:1 (w/w), and it was found that the flour products of the invention "balled up" in the same fashion as traditional masa flour. Moreover, the moisturized flours of the invention did not stick to the hands when manipulated, which is an important equivalent characteristic of masa flour. The Run #1 masa flour was also tested using an amylograph, and compared to conventional, commercially available masa flour. Specifically, 45 g of the Run #1 flour was ground through a UDY mill and mixed with 375 ml of water. The mixture was heated for 45 minutes, held for 10 minutes, and cooled for 45 minutes in the amylograph. An identical quantity of commercial flour sold under the name "Masa Mixta" was UDY mill ground, mixed with 375 ml of water and run through the amylograph under the identical conditions set forth above. The relevant portion of the amylograph obtained using the Masa Mixta flour is shown in FIG. 2, where the hold time is from 16-6 minutes. FIG. 3 illustrates the same portion of the amylograph obtained using the Run #1 flour, where again the hold time is from 16-6 minutes. It will be observed that these amylographs are very similar to each other, further confirming the fact that the masa flour of the present invention is very similar, if not functionally identical, with conventional masa flour. The Run #3 flour was also tested for water absorption. The standard for commercial masa flour is that a 1:1 H.sub.2 O:flour mixture gives 52.+-.2% water moisture. The Run #3 flour gave a water moisture of 52.5%, well within the commercial standard. A microscopic examination of the flours produced in these three runs demonstrates that they are similar to conventional masa flour, by having intact starch granule structure and a substantial proportion of non-gelatinized starch granules. In order to more closely simulate the conventional flour, the near infrared treatment conditions should be altered to increase the proportion of fully and partially gelatinized starch granules. Such would involve increasing the micronizer residence time and/or increasing the process temperature. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention is broadly concerned with a method for the preparation of masa flour which eliminates many of the costly, time-consuming, pollution causing steps conventionally carried out in the preparation of such flours. More particularly, it is concerned with a masa preparation method wherein debranned, moisturized grain (e.g., corn or wheat) is subjected to near infrared radiation for partial cooking thereof, followed by reduction of the cooked, debranned grain to masa flour. The method of the invention may be carried out in as little as one-half hour of processing time, as compared with conventional techniques requiring many hours of preparation time. The resultant flours in accordance with the invention are essentially equivalent to conventional flours in terms of cook, water absorption and handling characteristics. 2. Description of the Prior Art Masa flour, typically made using food grade corn or wheat, is produced in tremendous quantities in the United States and around the world. Such flour is used to fabricate such familiar products as tortilla chips and taco shells. Despite the demand for masa flour, for the most part it is prepared using very old and time honored techniques. In the first step, whole kernel corn is cooked in a mixture of water and 1% lime up to a temperature of 175.degree.-205.degree. F., depending upon the hardness of the starting corn and other factors. The corn is then allowed to steep in the lime water for a period of 8-12 hours, in order to allow the lime to penetrate, loosen and partially dissolve the pericarp or bran fraction of the corn. The steeped corn is then passed through a corn washer, comprising a perforated, rotatable cylinder equipped with internal water jets, in order to complete the removal of bran and to reduce the pH of the corn to about 6.5-7.5. In the next step, the washed, debranned corn is passed through a stone grinder to mill the corn to a desired particle size and thus complete the flour preparation. The flour may then be appropriately dried for storage, sale and use, or used directly. Masa products are typically prepared by forming a 1:1 (w/w) dough of the masa flour and water, followed by forming the dough through an extruder or other like device, followed with subsequent drying, equilibrating and frying. The final fried masa products are then cooled, salted and packaged. The conventional masa flour preparation technique presents a number of serious difficulties. First of all, the time required to process the flour is considerable, owing principally to the need for extended steeping. Secondly, the established method has serious ecological consequences, in that the steeping water contains considerable quantities of objectionable dissolved pericarp and soluble starches. Removal of these organic substances from the steeping water is an expensive proposition for masa flour producers, and some flour plants are reported to incur expenses of many thousand dollars per month simply to remove these pollutants from their process streams. There is accordingly a real and unsatisfied need in the art for an improved masa production method which avoids the long processing times typical of prior methods while reducing concomitant pollution problems. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention overcomes the problems outlined above and provides a significantly improved method for the production of masa flour from grains such as wheat and corn. Broadly speaking, the method involves first providing a quantity of debranned grain having a moisture content of from about 15-35% by weight, followed by subjecting the debranned, moisturized grain to near infrared radiation to effect partial cooking thereof. The partially cooked grain can then be reduced by conventional milling techniques to masa flour having desired particle sizes. In preferred forms, the process includes an alkali treatment of starting whole grain followed by abrasion of the alkali-treated grain in order to remove a substantial proportion of the pericarp fraction, without the need for lime water cooking and extended steeping times. The alkali treatment advantageously comprises the steps of forming an aqueous solution of alkali metal hydroxide (e.g., from about 2-20% alkali metal hydroxide), heating the solution to a temperature of from about 100.degree.-160.degree. F., and contacting the whole grain with the heated alkali solution for a period sufficient to loosen the pericarp fraction. Thereafter, the grain may be abraded and washed to substantially remove all pericarp. The preferred near infrared treatment of the debranned grain comprises subjecting the grain to near infrared radiation having a wavelength of from about 1.8-3.4 microns for a period of from about 10-270 seconds, until the grain has a temperature from about 140.degree.-260.degree. F. and a moisture content of from about 7-20% by weight. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a schematic process flow diagram setting forth the preferred masa preparation method of the present invention; FIG. 2 is a portion of an amylograph obtained using conventional, commercially obtained masa flour; and FIG. 3 is a portion of an amylograph obtained using masa flour prepared in accordance with the present invention.</SPEC><CLAIM>I claim: 1. 1. A method of producing masa flour, comprising the steps of: providing a quantity of whole grain; contacting said whole grain with an aqueous alkali metal hydroxide solution for a relatively short period of time sufficient to loosen the bran, removing the bran fraction of said grain, and adjusting the moisture content of the debranned grain as necessary until the debranned grain has a moisture content of from about 15-35% by weight; subjecting said debranned grain to near infrared radiation for partial cooking thereof; and reducing the partially cooked, debranned grain to masa flour. 2. 2. The method of claim 1, said grain being selected from the group consisting of wheat and corn. 3. 3. The method of claim 2, said grain being corn. 4. 4. The method of claim 1, said partial cooking step comprising subjecting said grain to near infrared radiation for a period of from about 10-270 seconds. 5. 5. The method of claim 1, said partial cooking step being carried out until the grain has a temperature of from about 140.degree.-260.degree. F. and a moisture content of from about 7-20% by weight. 6. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein said bran removal step comprises abrasion of the alkali metal hydroxide-treated grain in order to remove a substantial proportion of the bran from the grain. 7. 7. The method of claim 6, said alkali metal hydroxide contacting comprising the steps of forming an aqueous solution of sodium hydroxide and heating the solution to a temperature of from about 100.degree.-160.degree. F., contacting said whole grain with said heated solution for a period sufficient to loosen said bran. 8. 8. The method of claim 1, a 1:1 (w/w) dispersion of said debranned grain in water having a pH from about 6.5-7.5. 9. 9. The method of claim 1, including the step of cooling said cooked grain prior to said reduction step. 10. 10. The method of claim 1, said contacting step being carried out for a period of from about 2-12 minutes. 11. 11. The method of claim 10, said period being from about 5-10 minutes. 12. 12. The method of claim 9, including the step of directing said grain to a holding tank for additional cooking thereof prior to said cooling step. 13. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein said cooling is carried out until the grain is cooled to about ambient temperature. 14. 14. The method of claim 1, said aqueous alkali metal solution being heated.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176932</DOCNO><APP-NO>852332</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19920317</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176932</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A23L  1/33</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426250</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>2-115544	19900501	JP</PRIORITY><CITATION>4704291/19871100	4751096/19880600	4824687/19890400	4889742/19891200	4900570/19900200</CITATION><INVENTOR>Sugino; Yoshito</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Sugiyo Co., Ltd.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Method of producing an edible product of fish meat paste simulating crab leg meat</TITLE><ABST>A method of producing a product of fish meat paste simulating natural crab leg meat, which comprises: a first step of cutting a pair of stripes of heat-coagulated fish meat paste into two groups of noodle-like strings as each of the stripes is longitudinally conveyed by a conveyor, and putting the strings of each of the two groups together into a continuous, elongated bundle generally rectangular in transverse section; a second step of successively cutting each of the bundles aslant relative to the longitudinal direction thereof as each of the bundles is individually conveyed so as to produce a plurality of block components of generally parallelepipedic shape each having an acute angle in the forward end thereof; a third step of conveying the block components side by side in pairs and putting each pair of block components together into a single block shaped like the nocked end portion of an arrow, with one cut surface of one block component in each pair contacting the opposite cut surface of the other block component; and a fourth step of successively wrapping each of the blocks in a sheet of edible film as they are conveyed.</ABST><SPEC>PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS OF THE INVENTION Referring now to FIG. 1, the first method will be described in detail. In the first step, as a single stripe 2 of heat-coagulated fish meat paste is longitudinally conveyed on a first conveyor 1, the stripe is cut by a slitter 3 into a plurality of noodle-like strings or threads, which are put together by means of a pair of guide rollers 4 into a bundle 5 generally square in transverse section. In the second step, as the bundle 5 is conveyed longitudinally, it is successively cut by a cutter 6 aslant relative to the length of the bundle into a plurality of blocks 7 of generally parallelepipedic shape. Each of the noodle-like strings formed into the bundle 5 has a surface sufficiently adhesive to each other, so that even when the bundle is cut into blocks, the strings are not separated but kept as an integral body. In the third step, the blocks 7 are separated as they are conveyed by a second conveyor 11 which runs aslant relative to the running direction of the first conveyor 1, and then transferred onto a third conveyor 12, on which the blocks 7 lie in a row and spaced a suitable distance from each other. In the fourth step, the blocks 7 are individually and successively wrapped in a sheet of edible film F as they pass through a known suitable wrapping device schematically shown merely as a block 20. Either the wrapping film or each of the blocks or both are colored red so as to make the final product simulate real crab leg meat in appearance. In the second method of the invention shown in FIG. 2, a pair of stripes of heat-coagulated fish meat paste 2a and 2b are used as a starting material. As the stripes 2a and 2b are conveyed on a pair of conveyors 1a and 1b arranged so as to form an inverted V in top plan view, the stripes are cut by a pair of slitters 3a and 3b into two groups of noodle-like strings or threads, which are put together by two pairs of guide rollers 4a and 4b into two continuous, elongated bundles 5a and 5b generally rectangular in transverse section. In the second step, as the bundles 5a and 5b are conveyed longitudinally, a pair of cutters 6a and 6b each having a blade extending aslant relative to the running direction of each of the conveyors 1a and 1b successivley cut the bundles 5a and 5b, respectively, aslant relative to the directions in which they are conveyed, so that two groups of block components 7a and 7b are produced. Each of the block components 7a and 7b is of generally parallelepipedic shape and has a front end making an acute angle .alpha. with the longitudinal direction of the block component. In the third step, the block components 7a and 7b cut by the two cutters 6a and 6b, respectively, are conveyed by a pair of lateral conveyors 11a and 11b running sideways toward each other and transferred onto a central conveyor 12 arranged between the two lateral conveyors 11a and 11b so as to run perpendicularly to the running direction of the lateral conveyors 11a and 11b, so that on the central conveyor 12 the block components 7a and 7b are arranged side by side in pairs, with the opposite cut surfaces 9a and 9b of each pair of block components facing each other. The lateral conveyors 11a and 11b and the central conveyor 12 are so constructed and arranged that the block components 7a and 7b can be transformed smoothly from the lateral conveyors 11a and 11b onto the central conveyor 12 without being turned sideways or upside down. As the central conveyor 12 advances, a pair of narrowing guide rails 13 put each paired block components 7a and 7b together into a single block 10 with the opposite cut surfaces 9a and 9b of the paired block components contacting each other. The blocks 10 thus formed look like the nocked end of an arrow. In the fourth step, the blocks 10 are individually wrapped in a sheet of edible film F by a wrapping device schematically shown at 20. In a copending application, the same inventor has proposed a method of wrapping a core material in a sheet of edible membrane. This method can also be used in the present invention for wrapping the block 7 or 10. The method of the copending U.S. application is incorporated herein by reference. Either the film or the block or both are colored so as to resemble natural crab leg meat. Actually, the wrapped block 10 has its ends rounded by the wrapping film F as at 10C in FIG. 3. When the bundle 5 (5a, 5b) of strings is cut into a block component 7 (7a 7b), if the length of the short strings included in the block component is set to 1 cm to 2.5 cm, the final product gives an oral sensation quite similar to that experienced when natural crab claw meat is eaten. If the length is set to 2.5 cm to 5 cm, the final product gives an oral sensation similar to that experienced when natural crab leg meat is eaten. The angle .alpha. at which the bundle of strings is cut into block components and the length of the cut strings may vary and never limit the scope of the invention in any way. The third method of the invention is intended to produce a product having an increased area in which a pattern closely resembling that of the muscle fibers of natural crab leg meat is exposed thereby to increase the commercial value of the product. The third method comprises the first to fourth steps of the previously described second method and additionally a fifth step in which the wrapped blocks 10 prepared by the first to fourth steps are successively turned sideways on the central conveyor 12 by means of a suitable device schematically shown at 21 so as to lie on their side and slightly aslant, that is, making an acute angle .theta. with the runing direction of the conveyor 12, and as the blocks 10 are conveyed, each of the blocks lying on its side is cut generally diagonally into two halves 10A and 10B by a rotary cutter having a cutting blade 15 arranged along the running direction of the conveyor 12. Each of the two halves 10A and 10B obtained from a single block 10 has a cut surface 16 in which the component short strings of fish meat paste are exposed in a pattern closely resembling the muscle fibers of real crab leg meat, as shown in FIG. 3. In FIG. 2 the wrapped block 10 lies on its side and slightly aslant relative to the running direction of the conveyor 12. The block 10 may lie on its side not aslant but in the same direction as the running direction of the conveyor 12, with the cutter blade 15 set aslant relative to the running direction of the conveyor 12. In FIG. 2, the blocks 10 are cut diagonally. The cutting angle .theta. is preferably such that the length of the cut surface 16 is 50 to 100% of that of the whole block 10 since the angular range gives the product a good appearance quite similar to natural crab leg meat. As explained above in detail, the invention has successfully provided a product of fish meat paste simulating natural crab leg meat in which a pattern similar to the particular muscular pattern of crab leg meat appears in a cut surface of the product thereby to give the product a good appearance. In accordance with the first method of the invention, it is possible to obtain a substitute for natural crab leg meat in a very simple form and at a low cost by cutting a stripe of heat-coagulated fish meat paste into noodle-like strings, putting the strings together into a continuous bundle, successively cutting the bundles aslant to produce blocks made of fiber-like strings of fish meat paste, and wrapping each of the blocks in a sheet of edible film. In accordance with the second method of the invention, it is possible to produce a substitute for natural crab leg meat efficiently in a series of steps by cutting two stripes of heat-coagulated fish meat paste into noodle-like strings as the stripes are conveyed, putting the strings together into a pair of continuous bundles, cutting each of the bundles aslant to produce block components made of fiber-like strings of fish meat paste, putting each pair of block components together into a single block like the nocked end of an arrow, and wrapping each block in a sheet of edible film. In accordance with the third method of the invention, it is possible to obtain a substitute for real crab leg meat successively and efficiently by cutting into two halves each of the wrapped blocks obtained by the second method of the invention aslant at a small angle as viewed in side elevation, thereby exposing the bundled strings in the cut surface of each of the two halves of the block as if they were muscular tissues of crab leg meat, so that the final product resembles real crab leg meat more closely than otherwise. 71 692715 19910429 03 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to a method of producing an edible product of fish meat paste simulating crab leg meat and the edible product produced by the method. More particularly, this invention relates to a method of producing an improved substitute for crab leg meat which not only gives a particular oral sensation as if real crab leg meat were being eaten but also has an appearance closely resembling real crab leg meat and consequently has a high commercial value. There are known various methods of making an edible product simulating crab leg meat from fish meat paste, such as those disclosed in Japanese Patent Publication Nos. 14784 through 14789. In these methods, several sheets of coagulated fish meat paste are cut into noodle-like strings, and the cut sheets are piled one upon another so that the strings are put together into a bundle, which is cut aslant into a plurality of blocks containing short fibers of coagulated fish meat paste, which resemble those of real crab leg meat. The methods include a troublesome step of piling up the sheets of coagulated fish meat paste that have been cut into noodle-like strings, and the devices for carrying out the methods are much complicated. In Japanese Patent Application No. 1-178230, the present inventor has proposed a method of producing a product of fish meat paste simulating crab leg meat. In this method, as two stripes of heat-coagulated fish meat paste are conveyed longitudinally on a conveyor belt, they are cut into a plurality of noodle-like strings, which are put together into a pair of bundles, each of which is cut aslant and symmetrically with the other bundle into a plurality of block components, which are put together in pairs with the opposite cut surfaces of each pair of block components contacting each other, so that a plurality of blocks each looking like the nocked end of an arrow are formed. The blocks are then combined longitudinally into an elongated body, which is again cut into pieces of a desired length. It is difficult, however, to combine the individual blocks into a single elongated body, and it takes a long time to combine the blocks and then cut the combined blocks into pieces of a desired length. It is therefore one object of the invention to provide a method of producing an edible product of fish meat paste which not only gives a particular oral sensation as if real crab leg meat were eaten but also has an appearance more closely resembling real crab leg meat than the various substitutes for crab meat known in the prior art. It is another object of the invention to provide such a method as mentioned above which can be carried out in a simpler and more efficient manner than the known methods of producing similar products simulating crab leg meat. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The invention provides a first method of producing a product of fish meat paste simulating natural crab leg meat, which comprises: a first step of cutting a stripe of heat-coagulated fish meat paste into a plurality of noodle-like strings as the stripe is longitudinally conveyed by a conveyor, and putting the strings together into a continuous, elongated bundle generally rectangular in transverse section; a second step of successively cutting the bundle aslant relative to the longitudinal direction thereof as the bundle is conveyed so as to obtain a plurality of blocks of generally parallelepipedic shape; a third step of successively conveying the generally parallelepipedic blocks separated from each other; and a fourth step of wrapping each of the blocks in a sheet of edible film as the blocks are conveyed. The invention provides a second method of producing a product of fish meat paste simulating natural crab leg meat, which comprises: a first step of cutting a pair of stripes of heat-coagulated fish meat paste into two groups of noodle-like strings as each of the stripes is longitudinally conveyed by a conveyor, and putting the strings of each of the two groups together into a continuous, elongated bundle generally rectangular in transverse section; a second step of successively cutting each of the bundles aslant relative to the longitudinal direction thereof as each of the bundles is individually conveyed so as to produce a plurality of block components of generally parallelepipedic shape each having an acute angle in the forward end thereof; a third step of conveying the block components side by side in pairs and putting each pair of block components together into a single block shaped like the nocked end portion of an arrow, with one cut surface of one block component in each pair contacting the opposite cut surface of the other block component; and a fourth step of successively wrapping each of the blocks in a sheet of edible film as they are conveyed. The invention provides a third method of producing a product of fish meat paste simulating natural crab leg meat, which comprises the first, second, third and fourth steps of the above-mentioned second method, and additionally a fifth step of successively turning over each of the wrapped blocks prepared in the first to fourth steps so that the blocks lie on their side on the conveyor and, as they are conveyed, successively cutting each of the blocks into two halves at a small angle relative to the longitudinal direction thereof. The coagulated fish meat paste used in the invention is prepared by mixing kneaded fish meat called "surimi" in Japanese, seasonings and other additives with water, kneading the mixture, forming the kneaded mass into a sheet, and coagulating the sheet by heating. Either the block or the edible wrapping film or both are so colored that the block wrapped in the film appears like real crab leg meat. In the final product produced by the third method, the bundled strings are exposed in the cut surface of the wrapped block as if they were muscle fibers of crab leg meat, so that the product resembles crab leg meat more closely than otherwise. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The invention will now be described in further detail with reference to the accompanying drawing, wherein: FIG. 1 is a schematic top plan view of an apparatus for carrying out the first method of the invention; FIG. 2 is a schematic top plan view of an apparatus for carrying out the second and third methods of the invention; FIG. 3 is a schematic perspective view of a final product produced by the third method of the invention.</SPEC><CLAIM>What I claim is: 1. 1. A method of producing a product of fish meat paste simulating natural crab leg meat, which comprises: a first step of cutting a pair of stripes of heat-coagulated fish meat paste into two groups of noodle-like strings as each of said stripes is longitudinally conveyed by a conveyor, and putting said strings of each of said groups together into a continuous, elongated bundle generally rectangular in transverse section; a second step of successively cutting each of said bundles aslant relative to the longitudinal direction thereof as each of said bundles is individually conveyed so as to produce a plurality of block components of generally parallelepipedic shape, each having an acute angle in the forward end thereof; a third step of conveying said block components side by side in pairs and putting each pair of block components together into a single block shaped like the nocked end portion of an arrow, wherein in each block, a cut surface of a first block component contacts the opposite cut surface of a second block component such that the cut noodle-like strings of the first block component lie aslant with respect to its cut surface contacting the second block component in a first direction and the cut noodle-like strings of the second block component lie aslant with respect to its cut surface contacting the first block component in a second direction different from said first direction; and a fourth step of successively wrapping each of said blocks in a sheet of edible film as they are conveyed. 2. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said sheet of edible film is colored so that said wrapped blocks appear like natural crab leg meat. 3. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising a fifth step of successively turning sideways each of said wrapped blocks prepared in said first to fourth steps so that said wrapped blocks lie on their side on said conveyor and, as they are conveyed, successively cutting each of said blocks into two halves at a small angle relative to the longitudinal direction thereof. 4. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein said sheet of edible film is colored so that said wrapped blocks appear like natural crab leg meat.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176933</DOCNO><APP-NO>737412</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910729</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176933</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A23L  1/01</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426531</PRI-USPC><CITATION>2161213/19390600	4470421/19840900	4508746/19850400	4582927/19870400	4673581/19870600	4830787/19890500	4877871/19891000	4888195/19891200	4915974/19900400	4927658/19900500	4927659/19900500	4956478/19900900	4959465/19900900	4963386/19900100</CITATION><INVENTOR>Fulcher; John G.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Recot, Inc.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Substituted succinate esters and low-calorie oils containing them</TITLE><ABST>Fatty alcohol succinic acid esters of the formula: RCH.dbd.CH--CH.sub.2 --CH(COOR')CH.sub.2 (COOR") wherein R is a linear alkyl group of from 5 to 15 carbon atoms, R' and R" can be the same or different and are linear saturated, monounsaturated or diunsaturated alkyl groups of from 12 to 20 carbon atoms. These fatty alcohol esters can be prepared by reacting succinic anhydrides with long chain fatty alcohols, and have a low calorie value. The compounds are suitable for use in cooking oil compositions for the commercial production of reduced-calorie fried snack foods.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION In accordance with the present invention, the synthetic esters are represented by the formula: RCH.dbd.CH--CH.sub.2 --CH(COOR')CH.sub.2 (COOR") wherein R is a linear alkyl group of from 5 to 15 carbon atoms, e.g., pentyl, hexyl, heptyl, decyl, and the like; and R' and R" are the same or different and are linear saturated, monounsaturated or diunsaturated alkyl groups of from 12 to 20 carbon atoms, e.g., dodecyl, hexadecenyl, octadecenyl, lauryl, myristyl, palmityl, stearyl, oleyl, behenyl, linoleyl and the like. In preferred succinate ester compounds, R is an alkyl group of from 11 to 15 carbon atoms and R' and R", are saturated alkyl groups of 16 or 18 carbon atoms (i.e. palmityl or stearyl) or monounsaturated or diunsaturated alkyl groups of 18 carbon atoms. Esters which are particularly preferred for use as reduced calorie cooking oils are the dialkyl octadecenylsuccinate esters, such as dihexadecyl octadecenylsuccinate ester, dioleyl octadecenylsuccinate ester and the like. The succinate ester compounds of this invention are synthetic organic compounds which display many of the desirable physical properties of animal fats and vegetable oils. They can be liquid, solid or semisolid at room temperature, depending upon their particular molecular weight and structure, and are liquids at normal cooking temperatures. Unlike naturally-occurring fats and oils, which are triglycerides (fatty acid esters of glycerol), the products of this invention can be derived from succinic anhydrides having the following formula: ##STR1## wherein R is a linear alkyl group of from 5 to 15 carbon atoms, and long chain fatty alcohols having the following formula: R'--OH or R"--OH wherein R' and R" can be the same or different and are linear saturated, monounsaturated or diunsaturated alkyl groups of from 12 to 20 carbon atoms. Unlike triglycerides, these compounds resist hydrolysis by pancreatic lipase and other components of the digestive fluids present in the stomach and small intestine. As a result, most of the material is not absorbed by the small intestine. For example, from 0% to less than about 40% will be absorbed. Examples of succinic anhydrides suitable for practicing this invention include octenyl, decenyl, dodecenyl, hexadecenyl, and octadecenyl succinic anhydrides. The alkenyl succinic anhydrides are prepared by reacting maleic anhydride with 1-alkenes at temperatures of from about 200.degree. to about 250.degree. C. These anhydrides also can be obtained commercially. They are manufactured in large quantity for use as plasticizers in alkyd resins and are relatively inexpensive. Examples of suitable 1-alkenes that can be used include 1-nonene, 1-decene and 1-dodecene. U.S. Pat. No. 4,956,478, issued to Fakoukakis et al. in 1990, discloses methods for preparing alkenyl succinic anhydrides and is incorporated herein by reference. The synthesis of the succinate ester compounds of this invention can be accomplished by reacting one molar equivalent of the alkenyl succinic anhydride with two molar equivalents of a suitable long chain fatty alcohol in an organic solvent in the presence of an organic acid catalyst, such as p-toluenesulfonic acid or adipic acid. Examples of non-polar, inert organic solvents which can be used in the synthesis of the succinate ester compounds of this invention are toluene, benzene and the like. The alkenyl succinic anhydride and fatty alcohol in organic solvent is refluxed for about 4 to about 6 hours. Typically, an organic solvent-water azeotrope forms which is collected in a trap. The resulting product is a dialkyl alkenylsuccinate having a low melting point, low caloric value and suitable as a synthetic substitute for edible oils. Dialkyl alkenylsuccinates can be prepared from alkenyl succinic anhydride by other methods, known to those skilled in the art. Impurities can be removed from the dialkyl alkenylsuccinate formed by the above method by vacuum distillation and silica gel chromatography using conventional equipment and techniques familiar to those skilled in this field of chemistry. The synthetic oils of the present invention also can comprise mixtures of the disclosed succinate esters with other, higher-calorie fats and/or oils. For example, the present succinate esters can be combined with (e.g. blended into) per se known cooking oil compositions based on vegetable and/or animal fats and/or oils. Particularly preferred synthetic oils of the present invention have a melting point below 40.degree. C., a boiling point above about 230.degree. C., are absorbed by the small intestine of a mammal at a substantially lower rate than corn oil, and thus provide substantially fewer calories than corn oil when consumed by a mammal. Food products fried in synthetic oils of the present invention will have a lower metabolic fat content than a similar product cooked in animal fat or vegetable oil. Similarly, food products in which the normal content of animal fat or vegetable oil has been partially or completely substituted by the synthetic oils of this invention have a lower metabolic fat content than similar products not containing synthetic oil. The invention is further illustrated by the following examples, which are not intended to be limiting. EXAMPLE I Preparation of Dioleyl Octadecenylsuccinate One molar equivalent of octadecenylsuccinic anhydride was added to a boiling flask (with attached Dean-Stark trap) containing a solution with two molar equivalents of oleyl alcohol in one liter of toluene. The mixture was refluxed and stirred for about 6 hours in the presence of the catalyst p-toluenesulfonic acid. Excess toluene was removed by distillation at ambient pressure and the residue was applied to a silica gel column. Elution with petroleum ether gave dioleyl octadecenylsuccinate. Oleyl alcohol and other impurities were retained on the column. The dioleyl octadecenylsuccinate has a low melting point and can be used for the commercial production of calorie-reduced fried snack foods. EXAMPLE II Preparation of Dihexadecyl Octadecenylsuccinate One mole of octadecenylsuccinic anhydride (351 gm), 2.05 moles of hexadecanol (498 gm), 2.5 gm of adipic acid and one liter of toluene were combined in a boiling flask (with attached Dean-Stark trap) and refluxed for about 6 hours in the presence of the catalyst p-toluenesulfonic acid. Excess toluene was removed at ambient pressure. The residue was applied to a 200 gm silica gel column in 25 gm portions, and eluted with petroleum ether. Elution with petroleum ether gave dihexadecyl octadecenylsuccinate. Oleyl alcohol and other impurities were retained on the column. The dihexadecyl octadecenylsuccinate has a low melting point, is believed to have a greater oxidative stability than dioleyl octadecenylsuccinate of Example I, and can be used for the commercial production of calorie-reduced fried snack foods. EXAMPLE III Preparation of Dioleyl Tetradecenylsuccinate Seventeen millimoles of tetradecenylsuccinic anhydride (5.0 gm), 34 millimoles of oleyl alcohol (9.1 gm), 50 mg of adipic acid and 10 ml of toluene were combined in a boiling flask (with attached Dean-Stark trap) and refluxed for about 6 hours in the presence of the catalyst p-toluenesulfonic acid. Excess toluene was removed at ambient pressure. The residue was applied to a silica gel column, and eluted with petroleum ether. Elution with petroleum ether gave dioleyl tetradecenylsuccinate. Oleyl alcohol and other impurities were retained on the column. The dioleyl tetradecenylsuccinate has a low melting point and can be used for the commercial production of calorie-reduced fried snack foods. EXAMPLE IV Synthetic Oil Absorption Studies in Fischer 344 Rats The objective of this experiment was to determine whether dialkyl alkenylsuccinates, such as dihexadecyl octadecenylsuccinate, are poorly absorbed in mammals and thus are suitable for use as low calorie cooking oils. Thus, it is preferred that a synthetic oil be minimally absorbed by an animal to reduce any possibility of toxic effects. Eighty male and eighty female Fischer 344 rats, 4 to 6 weeks old and weighing about 80-100 gm each, were obtained from Charles River (Kingston, R.I). The male rats were fed Harlan Industries TEKLED Rodent Chow for four days while the female rats were fed TEKLED chow for seven days. On the fifth day, the male and female rats were randomly assigned to different groups of five. Groups 1 through 16 were male rats, and groups 17 through 32 were female rats. Also on the fifth day, the diet of the male rats was changed from TEKLED to Purina Basal Purified Diet containing 10% corn oil (control diet). The diet of the female rats was changed from TEKLED to Purina Basal Purified Diet containing 10% corn oil (control diet) on the eighth day of the experiment. After each group of rats had been fed on the Purina Basal Purified Diet containing 10% corn oil for seven days, the diet of 30 groups out of the 32 groups of rats was changed. One group of 5 males and one group of 5 females remained on the 10% corn oil diet throughout the entire experiment. The remaining groups of male and female rats were fed Purina Basal Purified Diet with 7.5% corn oil plus a varying amount of a synthetic oil on a daily basis for two weeks. Thus, one group of 5 male and 5 female rats were fed daily on Purina Basal Purified Diet with 7.5% corn oil plus 2.5%, 5.0% or 7.5% of dialkyl alkenylsuccinate (DAS), i.e, dihexadecyl octadecenylsuccinate. Fecal samples were collected from the male and female control rats and the low dose (2.5%) synthetic oil fed rats on a daily basis for seven days starting in the second week of the synthetic oil diet. The feces were stored in a freezer until all samples had been collected by the seventh day. The feces were then analyzed for their content of synthetic oils using Soxhlet oil analysis. The samples for each group were combined and ground using a blender, taking care to pulse on and off to avoid separating the synthetic oil from the samples. Samples of the blended feces ranging from about 2-4 grams were placed in separate 25.times.80 mm cellulose extraction thimbles (Whatman Cat. #2800 258) of known weight and the thimbles with the fecal matter were each weighed. Each thimble was placed into the extraction holder of a separate 125 ml Soxhlet flask of known weight and containing about 100 ml of chloroform and 2-3 boiling chips. Each apparatus was assembled on a hot plate with water passing through the condensers. The oils were extracted from the feces by refluxing for about 16-20 hours. The temperature of the hot plate was adjusted such that the extraction chambers emptied about ten times per hour. Each thimble was removed from the extraction chamber, and the flask was then reheated to reflux most of the chloroform into the thimble chamber. When the thimble chamber was about full, the flask was removed from the hot plate, and the chloroform was poured into a waste container until about 20-30 ml of residue were left in the bottom of each flask. The temperature of each flask was reduced by lowering the heat setting on each hot plate (low-3 setting on Corning hot plate), and residual chloroform was evaporated under a flush of nitrogen. Each flask with residue was allowed to cool to room temperature and weighed. The amount of synthetic oil in each sample was calculated using the following equation: ##EQU1## DAS was minimally absorbed by the rats. The male animals absorbed on average 14 percent of the dietary DAS and the female animals absorbed 13 percent. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates generally to synthetic substitutes for edible oils, such oils containing fatty alcohol esters. The chosen fatty alcohol esters have a low caloric value which makes them suitable for the commercial production of calorie-reduced fried snack foods. More particularly, the present invention is directed to low-calorie fatty alcohol esters of succinic acid and their use in low calorie cooking oil compositions. Lipids (fats and oils) constitute between 30 and 40% of the caloric intake of the average American diet. Dietary fat, consisting of triglycerides, is digested to free fatty oils and monoglycerides primarily in the small intestine. The .alpha.-lipase steapsin cleaves the glycerol esters at the 1- and 3- positions. Fatty acids of 6 to 10 carbons and unsaturated fatty acids are rapidly absorbed, while those of 12 to 18 carbons are absorbed more slowly. Absorption of the .beta.-monoglycerides by the mucosa of the small intestine results in a final digestion and absorption of up to 95% of the total dietary fat. Since fats yield about twice the energy per gram of either carbohydrates or proteins, substitution of a non-digestible material for a portion of the normal dietary fat offers an attractive and effective method for reducing total caloric intake and the control of obesity, hypertension, and other diseases associated with excessive caloric intake. For successful commercial application, a material provided as a dietary fat substitute should be inexpensive, taste good, perform the processing functions of fat, have low calorie content (i.e. the material should be less than 40% absorbed), and must be safe for human consumption. To be inexpensive, the substitute materials should be under current manufacture, or synthesized from materials under current manufacture by a minimum number of processing steps. Most of the current dietary fat substitutes are fatty acid esters, but fatty alcohol esters also are known. U.S. Pat. No. 4,508,746, issued to Hamm in 1985, describes long chain fatty alcohol esters of citric and tricarballylic acids. The citric acid esters lack thermal stability, however, and the tricarballylic acid starting material is not believed to be produced in commercial quantities. U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,582,927, and 4,673,581, issued to Fulcher in 1986 and 1987, respectively, describe alkylmalonic and dialkylmalonic acid esters of long chain fatty alcohols, as well as their use in reduced calorie edible oils. These substituted malonic acids are not commercially available and their synthesis from diethyl malonate is relatively expensive at the current time. U.S. Pat. No. 4,830,787, issued to Klemann et al. in 1989, describes hydroxysuccinic (malic) acid esters which contain both fatty acid and fatty alcohol esters. Despite low raw material cost, the product is expensive because separate esterification steps are required for the two ester types. U.S. Pat. No. 4,888,195, issued to Huhn et al. in 1989, describes fatty alcohol esters of dicitrate ether, diisocitrate ether and citrate isocitrate ether and esters of polycarboxylic acid ethers containing 4 to 6 ester groups. The three step synthesis involved in the production of these compounds makes them cost prohibitive. U.S. Pat. No. 4,959,465, issued to Klemann et al. in 1990, discloses succinate-extended sucrose which is further extended with hydroxyl-dicarboxylic acid esterified to two fatty alcohols. A minimum of three synthesis steps are required in preparing these compounds and the use of 3-hydroxyglutaric acid as a reaction substrate make these compounds prohibitively expensive. Thus, there presently remains a need for inexpensive and stable synthetic substitutes for edible oils suitable for the commercial production of calorie-reduced fried snack foods. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention overcomes this need in the industry by providing novel, inexpensive and stable fatty alcohol esters of succinic acid having the formula: RCH.dbd.CH--CH.sub.2 --CH(COOR')CH.sub.2 (COOR") wherein R is a linear alkyl group of from 5 to 15 carbon atoms and R' and R" are the same or different and are linear saturated, monounsaturated or diunsaturated alkyl groups of from 12 to 20 carbon atoms. The present invention additionally relates to low calorie cooking oil compositions comprising one or more fatty alcohol esters of succinic acid according to the above formula. These fatty alcohol esters comprise synthetic oils and low melt solids that may be synthesized by a novel, inexpensive and simple method: Commercially available succinic anhydrides are reacted with long chain fatty alcohols in the presence of an organic acid catalyst, resulting in the formation of dialkyl alkenylsuccinates. These fatty alcohol esters have a low calorie value and are suitable for the commercial production of calorie-reduced fried snack foods. The presence of an alkenyl side chain advantageously provides low melting point, promotes oxidative stability and imparts good "mouthfeel" characteristics. </SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A method for preparing calorie-reduced snack foods comprising cooking a snack food in an edible oil comprising one or more compounds for the formula: RCH.dbd.CH--CH.sub.2 --CH(COOR')CH.sub.2 (COOR") wherein R is a linear alkyl group of from 5 to 15 carbon atoms, R' and R" can be the same or different and are linear alkyl or monounsaturated or diunsaturated alkenyl groups of from 12 to 20 carbon atoms. 2. 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein R is a linear alkyl group of from 11 to 15 carbon atoms, R' and R" are the same or different and are linear alkyl or monounsaturated or diunsaturated alkenyl groups of 16 to 18 carbon atoms. 3. 3. The method according to claim 2, wherein the edible oil comprises dihexadecyl octadecenylsuccinate. 4. 4. The method according to claim 2, wherein the edible oil comprises dioleyl octadecenylsuccinate. 5. 5. The method according to claim 2, wherein the edible oil comprises dioleyl tetradecenylsuccinate. 6. 6. A calorie-reduced snack food prepared by the process of claim 1. 7. 7. A calorie-reduced snack food prepared by the process of claim 2. 8. 8. A calorie-reduced snack food prepared by the process of claim 3. 9. 9. A calorie-reduced snack food prepared by the process of claim 4. 10. 10. A calorie-reduced snack food prepared by the process of claim 5.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176934</DOCNO><APP-NO>869973</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19920416</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176934</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A23L  1/237</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426549</PRI-USPC><CITATION>4243691/19810100	4915962/19900400	4997672/19910300	5000977/19910300</CITATION><INVENTOR>Lee; Thomas D.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Kraft General Foods, Inc.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Seasoned food product with a salt enhancer</TITLE><ABST>An edible salt enhancing composition is provided which is a combination of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine and sodium chloride.</ABST><SPEC>EXAMPLE 1 The compounds of this invention can be prepared by physically mixing the appropriate amounts of L-aspartic acid, L-arginine and NaCl (salt). Another technique is by dissolving each component in water, mixing the water solutions and removing the water by vacuum to obtain the desired product. These and other mixing techniques can be used to obtain the desired product which is a salt enhancer. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the product of this invention, the following procedures were used. A fish filet was shaken in a bag containing bread crumbs (100 grams) and salt or salt/salt enhancer (the quantities in samples 1-4 are specified below). The coated fish was placed on a flat pan and it was baked at 400.degree. F. for 15 minutes. It was tasted hot. __________________________________________________________________________ Sample # Salt or Salt/Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment __________________________________________________________________________ 1 NaCl 4.488 grams 100% salt control 2 NaCl 3.366 grams 75% salt control 3 NaCl 2.244 grams 50% salt control 4 NaCl/L-aspartic acid/L-arginine* 4.488 grams 53% salt control (53% NaCl by weight) plus enhancer (1:1 mole ratio between the two amino acids) __________________________________________________________________________ *A crystalline residue obtained from the evaporation of an aqueous solution of the three compounds. A panel of 6 tasters unanimously concluded that Sample #4 was saltier than Sample #1; thus, addition of L-aspartic acid/L-arginine may reduce the weight of salt by 47% or more. The tasters also indicated that both Samples #4 and #1 were saltier than Samples #2 and #3, meaning that they were able to distinguish the relative saltiness at different salt levels. EXAMPLE 2 A boneless chicken breast was shaken in a bag containing no salt added chicken base (74.415 grams) and salt (NaCl) or salt/salt enhancer (quantity specified in samples below). The coated chicken was placed on a flat pan and it was baked at 450.degree. F. for 15 minutes. It was tasted hot. __________________________________________________________________________ Sample # Salt or Salt/Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment __________________________________________________________________________ 1 NaCl 3.547 grams 100% salt control 2 NaCl/L-aspartic acid/L-arginine 3.547 grams 53% salt control (53% NaCl by weight) plus enhancer (1:1 mole ratio between the two amino acids) __________________________________________________________________________ Out of a panel of 6 tasters, 5 indicated Sample #2 was saltier than Sample #1. One taster indicated that two samples were equally salty. This result indicated that the addition of L-aspartic acid/L-arginine would enable the reduction of salt by 47% or more without affecting the overall saltiness of this food. Additional samples of chicken are prepared in the similar manner above with the following results. __________________________________________________________________________ Sample # Salt or Salt/Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment __________________________________________________________________________ 3 NaCl* 1.88 grams 53% salt control 4 NaCl/L-aspartic acid/L-arginine* 3.547 grams 53% salt control (53% NaCl by weight) plus enhancer (1:1 mole ratio between the two amino acids) __________________________________________________________________________ *NaCl and NaCl/Laspartic acid/Larginine had both been sieved through US 8 mesh sieves. Four tasters out of a panel of 6 indicated Sample #4 was saltier than Sample #1. In a similar manner as above, chicken was prepared with the following results. ______________________________________ Salt or Salt/ Sample # Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment ______________________________________ 5 NaCl 1.892 grams 53% salt control L-aspartic acid 0.718 grams plus enhancer L-arginine 0.94 grams 6 NaCl 1.892 grams 53% salt control ______________________________________ Seven tasters out of a panel of 12 indicated Sample #5 was saltier than Sample #6. Chicken prepared in a similar manner as above: ______________________________________ Salt or Salt/ Sample # Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment ______________________________________ 7 NaCl 3.547 grams 100% salt control 8 NaCl 3.547 grams 100% salt control L-aspartic acid 1.331 grams plus enhancer L-arginine 1.742 grams ______________________________________ A panel of 6 tasters unanimously concluded Sample #8 was saltier. The results from Samples #5 through #8 indicated that L-aspartic acid/L-arginine would enhance saltiness either at a low salt or high salt levels. Chicken prepared in a similar manner as above: __________________________________________________________________________ Sample # Salt or Salt/Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment __________________________________________________________________________ 9 NaCl 2.66 grams 75% salt control L-aspartic acid/L-arginine (1:1 mole ratio) 2.66 grams plus enhancer 10 NaCl 2.66 grams 75% salt control 11 NaCl 3.54 grams 100% salt control __________________________________________________________________________ This example revealed the enhancement at the medium salt level. The enhancer used was a crystalline residue obtained from evaporation of an aqueous solution of L-aspartic acid/L-arginine. Eight tasters out of a panel of 9 indicated Sample #9 was saltier than Sample #11. Five out of 9 indicated Sample #9 was saltier than Sample #10. Chicken prepared in a similar manner as above: __________________________________________________________________________ Sample # Salt or Salt/Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment __________________________________________________________________________ 12 NaCl 3.54 grams 100% salt control 13 NaCl 2.12 grmas 60% salt control L-aspartic acid/L-arginine (1:1 mole ratio) 2.12 grams plus enhancer 14 NaCl 2.12 grams 60% salt control __________________________________________________________________________ Seven tasters out of a panel of 10 indicated that Sample #13 was saltier than or equally salty as Sample #12. Six panelists indicated Sample #13 was saltier than Sample #14. Chicken prepared in a similar manner as above: __________________________________________________________________________ Sample # Salt or Salt/Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment __________________________________________________________________________ 15 NaCl 3.54 grams 100% salt control 16 NaCl 2.12 grams 60% salt control L-aspartic acid/L-arginine (1:1.2 mole ratio) 2.12 grams plus enhancer 17 NaCl 2.12 grams 60% salt control __________________________________________________________________________ Five tasters out of a panel of 7 indicated Sample #16 was saltier than Sample #15. Four out of 7 tasters indicated Sample #16 was saltier than Sample #17. Chicken prepared in a similar manner as above: __________________________________________________________________________ Sample # Salt or Salt/Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment __________________________________________________________________________ 18 NaCl 3.54 grams 100% salt control 19 NaCl 2.12 grams 60% salt control L-aspartic acid/L-arginine (1.2:1 mole ratio) 2.12 grams plus enhancer 20 NaCl 2.12 grams 60% salt control __________________________________________________________________________ Eight tasters out of a panel of 12 indicated Sample #19 was saltier than or equally salty as Sample #18. Six out of 12 tasters indicated Sample #19 was saltier than Sample #20. EXAMPLE 3 Tomato sauce composed of the following ingredients was prepared. To the tomato sauce (166 grams) was added either salt or salt with enhancer (the quantity was indicated in the data below). After being heated in a microwave oven for 5 to 7 minutes, the Samples were tasted, and their relative saltiness determined. __________________________________________________________________________ Ingredient Weight % __________________________________________________________________________ Water 40.1 Sugar 2.5 Spices 1.4 Starch 2.0 Crushed/diced tomato 39.0 Garlic 1.0 Olive oil 1.0 Cheese 1.0 Diced onion 12.0 __________________________________________________________________________ Sample # Salt or Salt/Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment __________________________________________________________________________ 1 NaCl 0.42 grams 50% salt control 2 NaCl 0.83 grams 100% salt control 3 NaCl 0.42 grams 50% salt control L-aspartic acid/L-arginine (1:1 mole ratio) 0.42 grams plus enhancer __________________________________________________________________________ Eight tasters out of a panel of 10 indicated that Sample #3 was either saltier or equally salty as Sample #2. This means addition of L-aspartic acid/L-arginine mixture into tomato sauce could reduce salt by 50% or more without affecting the salty taste. Seven tasters out of 10 indicated Sample #3 was saltier than Sample #1. Tomato sauce prepared in a similar manner as above: __________________________________________________________________________ Sample # Salt or Salt/Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment __________________________________________________________________________ 4 NaCl 0.332 grams 40% salt control 5 NaCl 0.83 grams 100% salt control 6 NaCl 0.332 grams 40% salt control L-aspartic acid/L-arginine (1:1 mole ratio) 0.42 grams plus enhancer __________________________________________________________________________ Eight tasters out of a panel of 12 indicated that Sample #5 was saltier than Sample #6. Three tasters indicated the opposite, while one couldn't tell the difference between Samples #5 and #6. Seven tasters out of 12 indicated Sample #6 was saltier than Sample #4. These results indicated that L-aspartic acid/L-arginine mixture did enhance the saltiness of the salt in tomato sauce, but the 40% salt control plus the enhancer might not taste as salty as the 100% salt control sample. Therefore, the maximum reduction of salt appeared to be between 50 and 60%. EXAMPLE 4 Microwaveable Macaroni and Cheese To a microwaveable tray containing 60 grams of pasta and a cheese sauce mix (33.3 grams) was added a small amount of salt or salt with enhancer (the quantity is indicated in the data below). Hot water (223 grams, 50.degree. C.) was added to the tray, and the mixture was well mixed. The tray was heated in a microwave oven on "high" for 5 minutes, stirred and allowed to stand for 2 minutes before being tasted. ______________________________________ Salt or Salt/ Sample # Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment ______________________________________ 1 NaCl 0.6 grams 100% salt control 2 -- -- No added salt ______________________________________ A panel of 6 tasters unanimously indicated Sample #1 was saltier than Sample #2. This experiment was conducted to detect the taster's sensitivity to saltiness caused by the addition of salt (2% by weight of cheese sauce mix) over and on top of the salt already present in the cheese sauce mix. The result clearly showed that tasters could distinguish the difference in saltiness between a salt-added sample and a no salt-added sample. Microwaveable macaroni and cheese prepared similar as above: __________________________________________________________________________ Sample # Salt or Salt/Salt Enhancer Total Weight Comment __________________________________________________________________________ 3 NaCl 0.6 grams 100% salt control 4 NaCl 0.3 grams 50% salt control L-aspartic acid/L-arginine (1:1 mole ratio) 0.3 grams plus enhancer 5 L-aspartic acid/L-arginine (1:1 mole ratio) 0.6 grams No added salt (enhancer only) __________________________________________________________________________ A panel of 11 tasters tasted these Samples. A scale of 0 to 10 (10 being the most salty) was used to mark the saltiness of each Sample. The average value for each of the 3 Samples was 5.72, 5.95 and 5.68, respectively. With the standard deviation being 0.12, the three values are virtually equal, meaning all three Samples are judged equally salty. It was therefore concluded that L-aspartic acid/L-arginine mixture could replace 50 to 100% of the added salt in the original recipe. 71 807038 19911212 01 5145707 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Essential hypertension is a serious health problem accounting for approximately 90% of the 24 million cases of high blood pressure in the United States (see Marx, J. L., Science 194:821-5, 1976). Excessive salt (NaCl) intake is believed to be an important factor in its development. The average intake of salt by adults in the U.S. is 10-12 g/day, only one third of which comes from the natural foodstuffs making up the diet with the remaining two thirds provided by sodium chloride added by the consumer or by the food manufacturer to improve palatability. Thus, an effective means for reducing sodium intake in the diet while maintaining the overall palatability of foodstuffs would have great value. Numerous attempts have been made to develop sodium-free salt substitutes based on potassium chloride but without notable success owing to the pronounced bitterness which potassium chloride displays in addition to its salty character. Various stratagems have been used to mask the bitter flavor and provide acceptable palatability. Thus, U.S. Pat. No. 4,243,691 discloses a sodium free salt substitute which comprises a 5'-nucleotide component, an amino acid mixture, a sugar component, potassium phosphate, and potassium chloride. The amino acid mixture, which may include aspartic acid among its components, comprises a substantial fraction (10-40%) of the composition. U.S. Pat. No. 2,829,056 discloses a sodium free dietary seasoning composition based on a mixture of various basic and acidic amino acid salts plus potassium chloride. U.S. Pat. No. 4,340,614 reveals a stringently sodium-restricted dietetic salt substitute consisting of potassium chloride mixed with the potassium salts of adipic, tartaric, and glutamic acid plus a 5'-nucleotide. Other attempts to provide sodium-free salt substitutes have relied on the use of mixtures of the salt forms of various amino acids and peptides. The monohydrochloride salts of the basic dipeptides ornithyltaurine and ornithyl-beta-alanine were reported to have a salty taste (see Tada, M. et al., J. Agric. Biol. Chem. 32:992, 1984). French Patent No. 2,547,992 discloses a salty-flavored composition comprising glutamic acid and aspartic acid either in acid form or as non-sodium salts. U.S. Pat. No. 2,500,919 reveals a sodium-free seasoning composition capable of yielding monopotassium glutamate in the presence of water as a meat flavoring agent. A chloride-free product with a saline taste is revealed in U.S. Pat. No. 1,874,055 comprising the alkali metal salt of formic, acetic or lactic acid with glutamic acid or a protein hydrolysate capable of yielding mixtures of different amino acids. In general, attempts to provide sodium-free or low sodium salt substitutes has met with only partial success because such compositions either have low saltiness value when compared to sodium chloride, have off-flavors associated therewith or otherwise do not provide a seasoning quality equal to that of sodium chloride. Moreover, some salt substitutes that have been proposed are unavailable or are extremely expensive as compared to ordinary table salt as for example, ornithyl-beta-alanine, and ornithyltaurine, and therefore do not represent a practical means for a meaningful reduction of sodium in the diet. Tamura et al. (see Agric. Biol. Chem., 53(6):1625-33, 1989) have shown that the saltiness of sodium chloride in aqueous solution can be modified by the addition of the hydochloride salts of certain amino compounds (amino acids and amino acid esters). Both enhancement of salty flavor and diminishment of salty flavor was observed when the amino compound was present at concentrations ranging from 0.0075 to 0.045 molar. In many cases, a sour, bitter, umami, or other undesirable off-flavor was also introduced owing to the high concentration of amino compound tested. The pronounced tendency of acidic amino acids, for example, glutamic acid, to contribute undesirable umami flavor was pointed out. It is known that L-aspartic acid alone in water solutions imparts a sour taste while L-arginine alone imparts a bitter taste. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION It has now been surprisingly discovered that the combination of L-aspartic acid with L-arginine has the ability to enhance the salty flavor of sodium chloride in foods without sour or bitter taste. The degree of enhancement is from about 10 to about 50% in the perceived salty taste of sodium chloride brought about by the combination of L-aspartic and L-arginine at the effective concentration range of the present invention. Thus, edible seasoning compositions comprising L-aspartic acid, L-arginine and sodium chloride are disclosed which may be used to season foods to provide a flavor enhanced food product with about one third less sodium in the most favorable case while maintaining equivalent saltiness. The combination of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine is present in amounts ranging from about 0.8:1 to about 1:1.2 mole ratios of L-aspartic acid to L-arginine, preferably a mole ratio of 1:1. Specifically, L-aspartic acid and L-arginine are found to enhance the saltiness of sodium chloride in products when present at weight ratios of the combination of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine to sodium chloride to be between about 0.5:1 and about 1:1.5, preferably, about 0.8:1 to about 1:1.2, more preferably about 1:1. Thus, use of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine admixed with sodium chloride according to the invention provides a seasoning composition of exceptional quality virtually indistinguishable from pure sodium chloride in salty character and absence of undesirable off-flavors. A further advantage is conferred by the fact that L-aspartic acid and L-arginine are common food components and may be safely added to foods. Yet another advantage is one of economics in that L-aspartic acid and L-arginine are readily available, low cost amino acids. PREFERRED EMBODIMENT OF THE INVENTION Broadly, the weight ratio of the combination of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine to sodium chloride in the seasoning compositions of the present invention should be between about 0.5:1 to about 1:1.5 when such compositions are used to season foods to provide enhanced flavor without the introduction of undesirable off-flavor. Preferably, the weight ratio of the combination of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine to sodium chloride should be in the range between about 0.8:1 and about 1:1.2. Any source of sodium chloride is suitable for use in the invention. It is important, of course, to use food grade salt, free from harmful or highly flavorful impurities since the intended use is for the seasoning of foods for human and animal consumption. Likewise, any food grade source of L-aspartic acid or L-arginine is suitable including those derived from animal and vegetable protein hydrolysates. Care should be taken to exclude any by-products from such hydrolysates that could confer off-flavor to the composition. Thus, hydrolysates containing undue amounts of bitter peptides or other highly flavorful impurities are to be avoided. As far as is known, only the L forms of aspartic acid and arginine are effective in the present invention. It is envisioned that racemic mixtures containing both D and L forms of aspartic acid or arginine may be suitably employed but such are not preferred. Since the compositions of the present invention are intended for use as food seasonings, it is envisioned that such may be used as a salt substitute or mixed with minor amounts of other food ingredients, spices, flavors, excipients, diluents, anti-caking agents and the like. It is further envisioned that the compositions of the present invention may be used to season a broad range of food products. Thus, the inventive composition may be used in any processed food to enhance ordinary salt (sodium chloride) at from about 90% to about 40% of the level of ordinary salt that would otherwise be used to achieve a comparable level of seasoning. Thus, the compositions may be used to season a broad range of foods such as sauces, soups, breads, cookies, cakes, pies, frozen or refrigerated foods, baked goods, crackers, potato chips, canned vegetables, meats, condiments and the like. The following examples are further illustrative of the invention: </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A seasoned food product which comprises an edible food and an edible salt enhancing composition comprising a combination of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine and sodium chloride wherein the mole ratio of L-aspartic acid to L-arginine is between about 0.8:1 to about 1:1.2 and wherein the weight ratio of the combination of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine to sodium chloride is about 0.5:1 to 1:1.5. 2. 2. The product of claim 1 wherein the mole ratio of L-aspartic acid to L-arginine is 1 to 1. 3. 3. The product of claim 1 wherein the weight ratio of the combination of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine to sodium chloride is between about 0.8:1 to about 1:1.2. 4. 4. The product of claim 1 wherein the weight ratio of the combination of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine to sodium chloride is 1 to 1. 5. 5. The product of claim 1 wherein the food is selected from the group consisting of breads, bread crumbs, cookies, cakes, pies, crackers and potato chips. 6. 6. The product of claim 1 wherein the edible food is bread crumbs. 7. 7. The product of claim 1 wherein the food is tomato sauce. 8. 8. The product of claim 1 wherein the food is chicken. 9. 9. The product of claim 1 wherein the food is macaroni and cheese. 10. 10. The product of claim 1 wherein the food is a sauce. 11. 11. The product of claim 1 wherein the food is a soup. 12. 12. The product of claim 1 wherein the food is selected from the group consisting of meats, poultry and seafood. 13. 13. The product of claim 1 wherein the food is cheese. 14. 14. The product of claim 1 wherein the food is a condiment.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176935</DOCNO><APP-NO>899214</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19920616</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176935</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A21D  2/32</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426601</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>3616594	19860516	DE</PRIORITY><CITATION>2773771/19561200	3060030/19621000	4443378/19840400	4452743/19840600	4482474/19841100	4608267/19860800	4684526/19870800</CITATION><INVENTOR>Jodlbauer; Heinz D.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Vereinigte Kunstmuhlen AG<tab>A. Nattermann & Cie. GmbH</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Baking agent for breakfast roll doughs</TITLE><ABST>A baking agent for breakfast-roll doughs includes a phospholopid fraction in which the portion of phosphatidyl choline to phosphatidyl ehtanolamine is greater than 1. A method for producing such a baking agent is also included.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS The present invention includes a baking agent having a phospholipid fraction, wherein the proportion of phosphatidyl choline to phosphatidyl ethanolamine is greater than 1. The phospholipid fraction has the effect of an emulsifier. The fraction enables the formation of a fat/water emulsion so that the fat is better distributed and the receptivity of the dough for water can be increased, which in turn gives an improved dough structure. In contrast with the prior art emulsifiers, such as diacetyl tartrates, which activate the growth of yeast until the balance has been adjusted, the phospholipid fraction of the present invention varies the dough structure by changing the viscosity. By using the present invention the dough achieves the same volume as with a synthetic emulsifier. The individual phospholipids in the phospholipid fraction of the present invention are more effective to the flour components, such as proteins, starch and mucilages bringing many improvements of properties. Thus, the crumb of the finished dough becomes weaker, the volume becomes greater, the pores become finer and the pore walls become thinner. Also the fermentation of the dough is influenced so that an interruption of the fermentation is possible. The finished baked products can be removed better from the amount of pastry mold and the time the baked products retained freshness is longer. Until now, it has not been clear that by using a phospholipid fraction in which the portion of phosphatidyl choline to phosphatidyl ethanolamine is greater than approximately 1, a particular good improvement of properties is obtained. Phospholipid fractions are preferred which contain 75 to 95% by weight phospholipids and 5 to 25% by weight sterols, sterol glycosides, sugar and/or mono-, di- or triglycerides, whereby the portion of phosphatidyl choline to phosphatidyl ethanolamine is in the range of 1.1:1 to 10:1. Preferred are phospholipid fractions which contain approximately 23 to 80% by weight phosphatidyl choline, 5 to 35% by weight phosphatidyl ethanolamine and as additional phospholipids such as lysophosphatidyl choline, lysophosphatidyl enthanolamine, lysophosphatidyl inositol, phosphatidyl inositol, phosphatide acid, lysophosphatide acid, phosphatidyl glycerol, N-acylphosphatidyl ethanolamine or lysophosphatidyl glycerol. Particularly preferred are phospholipid fractions which contain approximately 23 to 80 weight % phosphatidyl choline 5 to 35 weight % phosphatidyl ethanolamine 3 to 15 weight % N-acylphosphatidyl enthanolamine 5 to 25 weight % further phospholipids, sterols, sterolglycosides, sugar and triglycerides, whereby the triglyceride content is a max. of 5%. The phospholipid fractions can be obtained in accordance with known processes as disclosed in DE-OS 03 47 012 and DE-OS 30 47 011 from soja beans, rape, sunflower kernel and other oliferous seeds and oilseeds; however the preferred parent material is soja beans. The phospholipid fractions are obtained preferrably by extraction of crude lecithin (for example crude soja lecithin) with ethanol at a temperature of about 75.degree. C. The components soluble in ethanol are separated from the unsoluble components and after sedimentation at low temperature are subjected to column chromatography on silica gel according to EP 0054770. By varying the extraction- and column chromatography- conditions, the ratio of phosphatidyl choline to phosphatidyl ethanolamine can be adjusted as desired, particularly to a range of 2:1 to 10:1. Generally, the phospholipid fraction is present in the baking agent in an amount in the range of 0.05 to 25%, preferably in an amount of 0.2 to 7.5%. the baking agent of the present invention has a long shelf life. When produced with a fat which is free from lipase and lipoxidase and includes at least 40% sugar, the baking agent has a shelf life of at least 1 year. As indicated from the example set forth below, a breakfast-roll dough prepared with a baking agent containing the phospholipid fraction according to the invention gives little better bake-results than a breakfast-roll dough prepared with a baking agent with a synthetic emulsifier. In contrast to commercial crude lecithin, and deoiled crude lecithin, the phospholipid fraction according to the invention has not only the advantages of obtaining consistently uniform results by produces significantly better properties of dough and baked products; this will be seen from the comparitive example at the end of the specification. The baking agent for breakfast-roll doughs can be prepared according to known processes and the processes discovered in the pending German patent application "Baking Agent For Leavened Dough" (application number P 36 16 597.2) and corresponding copending U.S. patent application Ser. No. 50,062 "Baking Agent For Leavened Dough" filed May 13, 1987. In order to further illustrate the present invention, the following specific example is provided. EXAMPLE 1 A pastry baking agent of the following composition was prepared: ______________________________________ animal and vegetable fats 300 kg sugar 280 kg glucose 197.6 kg ascorbic acid 1.3 kg malt flour, containing enzyme 1.1 kg phospholipid fraction 220 kg ______________________________________ The phospholipid fraction had the following composition: ______________________________________ phosphatidyl choline 32-33% phosphatidyl ethanolamine 12-13% N-acyl-phosphatidyl-ethanolamine 6-8% (N-acyl-PE) other phospholipids, sterols, 35-38% sterolglycosides, sugar and triglycerides Acid number (AN) 24 PC:PE = 1:0.4 ______________________________________ The phospholipid fraction was mixed with the molten fat and combined with the remaining components at a temperature of 60.degree. C. and homogenized by cycling in a pump installation and cooled down gradually. Breakfast-roll doughs were prepared having the following composition: 200 g flour, type 550, 1200 g (ml) water 100 g yeast 40 salt. Into this breakfast-roll dough 60 g of the baking agent described above was kneaded in a spiral kneader for 6 minutes. Process conditions included a dough resting time of 5 to 15 minutes, a dough yield of 161, a dough charge of 1600 g, a fermentation time of 4 minutes, a dough temperature of 26.degree. C., an oven temperature of 240.degree. C., and a baking time of 20 minutes. ______________________________________ Baking results: Baking agent according to Prior art the invention baking agent* ______________________________________ Bakery volume 8650 8420 ml normal fermentation Bakery volume 9180 ml over-fermentation 9240 Browning normal normal, still good Distribution rather uniform rather of pores uniform Crumb stabile stabile elasticity elastic elastic Taste very good some rounded flat strong ______________________________________ *Product based on the emulsifiercombination mono and diglycerides blended with crude lecithin and diacetyl tartrate. EXAMPLE 2 To determine the difference between a baking agent prepared with commercial crude lecithins and a phospholipid fraction according to the invention, the following comparison test was made. Three baking agents having the same composition as set forth in example 1 were prepared, except that: 1. in baking agent A, a crude lecithin was included which was not de-oiled (commercial product) 2. in baking agent B, a crude lecithin was included which was de-oiled (commercial product) 3. in baking agent C, a phospholipid fraction according to the invention was included. Breakfast-roll doughs were prepared, having the same composition as stated in example 1 were divided in portions of 1560 g; into one of each portions was kneaded 60 g of baking agent A, baking agent B and baking agent C, respectively. The baking conditions were the same as in the example above. The bake results are set forth in the following table. ______________________________________ Breakfast-roll dough prepared with Baking agent A: Normal fermentation Volume/ml: 7.800 Over-fermentation Volume/ml: 8.220 Dough yield: 157 Dough properties: stable, some moist Crumb elasticity: stable Browning of the bakeries: normal Breakfast-roll dough prepared with Baking agent B: Normal fermentation Volume/ml: 7.810 Over-fermentation Volume/ml: 7.830 Dough yield: 157 Dough properties: stable, elastic Crumb elasticity: stable Browning of the bakeries: normal Breakfast-roll dough prepared with Baking agent C: Normal fermentation Volume/ml: 8.700 Over-fermentation Volume/ml: 9.000 Dough yield: 158 Dough properties: dry/stable/ elastic Crumb elasticity: stable/elastic Browning of the bakeries: normal/strong ______________________________________ The results demonstrate that a baking agent containing a de-oiled crude lecithin has a good effect on the dough properties in comparison to a baking agent containing a crude lecithin which is not de-oiled. However, in using a baking agent containing the phospholipid fraction according to the invention, a significant improvement is obtained with regard to normal fermentation, over-fermentation, the dough properties and the properties of the finished breakfast-roll. although the present invention has been described with reference to preferred embodiments, workers skilled in the art will recognize that changes may be made in form and detail without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention. 71 643142 19910215 03 81 410011 19890915 03 81 50063 19870513 03 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION The invention is related to a baking agent for breakfast-roll doughs and methods for producing such baking agents. Breakfast-roll doughs are raised with yeast and produced from flour, all or the majority of which is flour obtained from wheat. Such flour contains phospholipids, which serve an important purpose during preparation of the dough in that, for example, they promote the gelatinization of the starch. After it had been discovered that lecithin contains the phospholipids of wheat, the addition of crude lecithin to the dough achieved an improvement of the baking properties of the finished breakfast-rolls. the change from manual working to machining raised many problems in the producing of the dough. Only when lipids were added as emulsifiers, was one able to increase the knead tolerance. the composition of the lipids occuring naturally in flour made from wheat include a series of lipid components, which are also found in crude lecithin, for example lysophosphatidyl choline, phosphatidyl choline, N-acylphosphatidyl ethanolamines, phosphatidyl inosid, phosphatidyl acid, lysophosphatide acid, phosphatidyl glycerol, lysophosphatidyl ethanolamine, lysophosphatidyl glycerol, diglycerides, monoglycerides, triglycerides, stearins and the like. The lipids found in wheat flour play a part which is not insignificant. This part can be increased very clearly by addition of lecithin or synthetic emulsifiers. However, the addition of lecithin or synthetic emulsifiers poses problems due to the particular components in the lecithin or synthetic emulsifiers as well as the ratio of the particular phospholipids in the lecithin. (L. Wassermann, Fette Seifen Anstrichmittel 1983, 85, 20; Y. Pomeranz, Food Techol 1970, 24, 928). The roll of lipids as emulsifiers in the form of so-called crude lecithins, extracted from animal or vegetable materials, such as eggs, oliferous seeds and oilseeds, such as coconut-lopra, oil palm, peanuts, rape, sunflower kernel, sojabeans, oil palm and olives (J. Eichber, Kirk-Othmer, Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology Vol. 14 Seite 250-269) in doughs and baking masses (H. D. Jodlbauer ZLR 1977 (1) 33-45; Y. Pomeranz, Serial Chem. 1970, 47, 435 ff; Y. Pomeranz, Food Technol. 1970, 24, 928 ff; I.B.M. Coppock, J. Sci. Food Agr. 1954, 5, 19 ff; DE-PS 1183 452; J. Pomeranz in B. F. Szuhaj and G. R. List `Lecithins` AOCS 1985) is known. As early as the 1940's, lecithin in amounts of from 0.1 to 0.5 weight %, was employed in flour to bake bread. (L. Wassermann, Fette Seifen Anstrichmittel 1983, 85, 120; DE-PS 719 268; W. Schafer, Backerei Techn. 1972, 73). The consistency of dough when worked by machine was improved. The consistency of commercial lecithin is pasty to fluid. For better handling in baking, lecithin is attached to flour-like ingredients. However good baking results are not provided every time since the quality and composition of lecithin are uncertain depending on the origin of the lecithin being employed; due to the uncertain quality and composition of synthetic emulsifiers which were used to a greater extent. Only through the use of synthetic emulsifiers, alone or in mixture with lecithin, variations in the properties of bakery goods scarcely occured wherein the dough was worked by machine. Preferred emulsifiers were mono- and diglycerides of diacetyl tartaric acid or mono- and diglycerides of fruit acids such as citric acid and lactic acid, as well as other emulsifiers, for example polyglycerol esters, partially or completely esterified with fatty acids. Using synthetic emulsifiers which uniformly good properties are always obtained. However, quite recently an effort has been directed to put on the market foods which are free from synthetic components. SUMMARY OF INVENTION The present invention provides a baking agent for breakfast-roll doughs that includes an emulsifier obtained from a natural product which overcomes the drawbacks of the prior art lecithin emulsifier, and which gives reproducably improved properties in the baking behaviour and the breakfast-rolls. The baking agent used as the sole emulsifier includes a purified deoiled phospholipid fraction wherein the proportion of phosphatidyl choline to phosphatidyl ethanolamine is greater than 1. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A baking agent for the use in breakfast rolls, the baking agent comprising: a fat component and/or flour, sugar; a phospholipid fraction containing phosphatidyl choline and phosphatidyl ethanolamine, wherein the phospholipid fraction contains: 23-80% by weight phosphatidyl choline; 5-35% by weight phosphatidyl ethanolamine; - 15% by weight N-acylphosphatidyl ethanolamine; and 5-25% by weight other phospholipids, sterols, sterolgylcosides, sugar and triglycerides. 2. 2. The baking agent of claim 1 wherein the phospholipid fraction further includes lysophosphatidyl choline, lysophosphatidyl ethanolamine, lysophosphatidyl inositol, phosphatidyl inositol, phosphatide acid, lysophosphatide acid, phosphatidyl glycerol, lysophosphatidyl glycerol, N-acylphosphatidyl ethanolamine and lyso-N-acylphosphatidyl ethanolamine and/or monoglycerides, diglycerides or triglycerides. 3. 3. The baking agent of claim 1 wherein the phospholipid fraction contains less than 5% by weight triglycerides. 4. 4. The baking agent of claim 1 wherein the phospholipid fraction is in an amount of from 0.05 to 25% by weight of the baking agent. 5. 5. The baking agent of claim 1 wherein the phospholipid fraction is in an amount of from 0.2 to 7.5% by weight of the baking agent.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176936</DOCNO><APP-NO>696889</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910508</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176936</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A23L  1/18</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426618</PRI-USPC><CITATION>D323232/19920100	2615809/19521000	3054677/19620900	3462277/19690800	3554763/19710100	3656965/19720400	3660110/19720500	3966990/19760600	4348379/19820900	4350714/19820900	4409250/19831000	4497840/19850200	4568557/19860200	4759942/19880700	4777045/19881000	4834989/19890500	4844937/19890700	4938982/19900700	5024996/19910600	5026689/19910600	5063078/19911100	5085883/19920200</CITATION><INVENTOR>Creighton; Dean W.<tab>Efstathiou; John D.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>General Mills, Inc.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Puffed high fiber R-T-E cereal and method of preparation</TITLE><ABST>Disclosed are puffed ready-to-eat breakfast cereal products having a high Total Dietary Fiber content which nonetheless exhibit desirable crispness. The cereal products are characterized by specific densities of about 0.075 to 0.35 g/cc. The Total Dietary Fiber content of the cereal compositions is about 2.5-12 g/oz or about 9% to 42%. The total fat content of the puffed cereal is less than about 4%. The cereal base is in the form of a hollow, pillow shaped piece comprising a thin shell surrounding the hollow core. In preferred embodiments, the cereal is provided with a low level of a sugar presweetening coating. Also disclosed are processes for preparing the puffed high fiber R-T-E cereals from pellets in sheet form.</ABST><SPEC>SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION In its product aspect, the present invention resides in R-T-E cereal pieces in the form of puffed, pillow shaped pieces. The pillows are defined in part by a continuous outer skin surrounding a hollow core. The skin thickness ranges from about 0.5 to 2 mm. Selection of this particular shaped piece importantly and surprisingly contributes to the organoleptically important attribute of crunchiness. The R-T-E pieces preferably include a topical sugar coating. The present R-T-E cereal pieces are fabricated from cooked cereal dough compositions useful for the preparation of crispy and puffed R-T-E cereals or other cereal products which nonetheless have high levels of Total Dietary Fiber, to pellet/intermediate products and to the finished R-T-E puffed cereals themselves. The cereal compositions have a total dietary fiber content of about 2.5 g/oz to 12 g/oz or about 9% to 42%. The balance of the cereal composition comprises conventional R-T-E cereal ingredients. The insoluble fiber to soluble fiber weight ratio is at least about 2:1. The total fat content of the cereal composition is less than about 4%. The finished R-T-E cereals are characterized by bulk densities of about 0.075 to 0.35 g/cc. In another product aspect, the present invention resides in pellets or half products useful in the preparation of crispy and puffed R-T-E cereals or puffed fried snacks. The pellets have moisture contents ranging from about 8% to 14%. The pellets comprise pieces in thin sheet form. The sheet thickness ranges from about 1.0 to 2.0 mm (0.020 to 0.080 in) of cooked cereal dough. The present pellets are especially useful in the provision of R-T-E cereals. In its method aspect, the present invention resides in methods for forming the cooked cereal doughs, pellets and R-T-E cereals. The present methods comprise the essential steps of A) forming an homogeneous mixture of selected dry cereal ingredients having a controlled ratio of insoluble to soluble fiber and controlled amounts of water, B) cooking the blend to form a cooked cereal dough, C) forming the dough into shaped pieces of defined thickness to form cereal pellets, D) drying the pellets, and E) puffing the pellets under defined conditions to form the present pillow shaped R-T-E cereals. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION In its product aspects, the present invention relates to a high total dietary fiber R-T-E cereal in the form of a hollow pillow shaped piece that is both crispy and puffed. In its method aspect, the present invention resides in methods for making the high fiber shaped R-T-E cereal piece. Each of the product composition and features as well as the steps of the present methods are described in detail below. Throughout the specification and claims, percentages are by weight and temperatures in degrees Fahrenheit unless otherwise indicated. A. Forming a Dry Cooked Cereal Dough The first essential step of the present method of cereal product preparation comprises forming a cooked cereal dough containing controlled amounts and types of fiber, fat, and moisture content. The cooked cereal dough can comprise a wide variety of cereal ingredients conventionally used to prepare R-T-E cereals. The cereal ingredients are cooked in the presence of controlled amounts of moisture and formed into a cooked cereal dough in known manner. Conveniently, this step can involve the substeps of 1) forming a dry mixture of cereal ingredients and 2) working the cereal cooked ingredients with added heat and controlled moisture addition to form the dry cereal ingredients into a cooked cereal dough. 1. Forming a Dry Mixture of Cereal Ingredients The cereal dry mix can comprise a wide variety of farinaceous materials including those derived from common cereal ingredients including corn, wheat, oats, rye, barley, rice, and mixtures thereof. Less common specialty grains, e.g., amaranth, triticale, buckwheat, can also be used. Useful herein are whole grains and/or derivative grain products. Such derivative grain products include size reduced whole grains such as cut grain pieces and flours. Also useful herein are a wide variety of cereal ingredients derived by extraction from whole cereal flours including, cereal flours (i.e., without the bran or germ fractions) and starches. Also useful herein are the bran and germ fractions. Preferred for use herein as the cereal ingredient is degermed corn flour, rice flour and mixtures thereof. Such materials are preferred since they give greater expansion than other flours or whole grain sources. Good results are obtained when the present cereal compositions comprise about 25 to 80% of the farinaceous material(s), preferably about 35 to 60%. For best results in terms of balancing the organoleptic attributes of the R-T-E cereal with desired levels of fiber, the farinaceous materials comprise about 30 to 55%. The cereal dry mix can also comprise conventional levels of nutritive carbohydrate sweetening agents (e.g., sucrose, fructose, dextrose, corn syrup solids, malt syrups, honey, and mixtures thereof), salt and adjuvants. In preferred embodiments, the present compositions desirably comprise about 0.1 to 20% of the nutritive carbohydrate sweetening agent, preferably about 5 to 15%, and for best results about 9%. Sucrose is the most highly preferred nutritive carbohydrate component. If present, sucrose can comprise from about 0.1% to 15% of the present cereal compositions and preferably between about 1% and 10%, and for best results about 3% to 7%. Sucrose not only provides sweetness but also favorably affects product texture and puff volume. Importantly, in addition to the native fiber supplied or contributed by the farinaceous ingredients, the present dry mix additionally comprises sufficient amounts of supplemental concentrated sources of fiber such as to provide fiber levels to the cooked cereal dough specified herein. A wide variety of fiber source materials are known and can be used herein. A good description of commercially available fiber ingredients suitable for use herein is given in Food Processing, Aug., 1989, pages 19-42. The described fiber sources useful herein can include, for example, cellulose, microcrystalline cellulose, cocoa bran, corn bran, oat bran, oat fiber, apple pulp, pectin, psyllium, rice bran, sugar beet pulp, wheat bran, soybean fiber, hydrocolloids (e.g., gum arabic), pea, wheat fiber and mixtures thereof. Especially useful herein as the supplemental fiber source material are corn bran, oat fiber, rice bran, soy fiber, gum arabic and mixtures thereof. Undesirable finished product grittiness is a function of fiber particle size. Also, high fiber particle size modestly adversely affects puffed volume. Thus, the fiber source preferably ranges in particle size from about 25 to 1000 microns. Better results in terms of mouth feel and good puffed volume are realized when the fiber ranges from 65 to 300 microns. For best results, the fiber particle size ranges from 60 to 200 microns. The dry blend can further comprise a wide variety of adjuvant materials included to improve the organoleptic, visual, or nutritional properties of the finished R-T-E cereal. Useful materials include, for example, colors, flavors, minerals, vitamins, high potency sweeteners, preservatives, and mixtures thereof. If present, such adjuvant materials can comprise from about 0.01% to about 5% by weight of the present products. The above ingredients are selected so as to formulate finished R-T-E cereal products essentially characterized as having a total dietary fiber content of about 9% to 42% (dry basis) i.e., about 2.5 to 12 g of fiber per ounce of cereal. Preferably, the TDF ranges from about 21% to 32% (about 6 to 9 g/oz). For best results in terms of a combination of desirable eating qualities, yet relatively high fiber, the TDF is about 24.7% to 28.2%. The present cereal products can vary widely in the concentrations of the insoluble and soluble fiber content. The present products can be prepared having practically all the TDF contributed by insoluble fiber or can comprise substantial fractions of soluble fiber in combination with the insoluble fiber fraction. Preferably, the insoluble fiber to soluble fiber ratio is at least about 2:1. More preferably, the insoluble to soluble ratio is about 3:1. Such preferred ratios of fiber type are important to providing high levels of fiber well balanced as to type while allowing the provision of a finished R-T-E cereal exhibiting the desirable eating qualities. For best results, the insoluble to soluble fiber ratio is about 4:1. Desirably, the total fat content of the cereal composition is less than about 4%. High fat contents are generally undesirable due to the high caloric value imparted to the cereal by inclusion therein. Also, high fat levels can adversely affect the puffability of the present products. The present fat levels include the fat contributed by the oil component of any included germ fraction as well as emulsifier (e.g., as a pelletizing aid), oil soluble flavor carrier, and other incidental fatty components. Desirably, however, the present cereal compositions are formulated to have low fat contents since excessive fat levels in the cereal composition can adversely affect puff volume. Useful herein are cereal compositions having fat contents of less than about 5.1%. Such fat levels are those obtained when whole grain flour, i.e., including the high fat content germ fraction, or the germ fraction alone are employed herein. However, both the fiber and fat fractions adversely affect puffed volume. Therefore, preferred compositions include less than about 3.5% fat and for best results less than about 3%. These fat levels embrace the fat contribution of any added emulsifiers or other fat-like materials conventionally added to puffable cereal pellet compositions to aid in preparation. Optionally, the cooked cereal dough can comprise about 0.1% to 8% of a dextrin, e.g., maltodextrin. The dextrin modestly tenderizes the finished product. In a highly preferred embodiment, the present cereal compositions have total starch contents ranging from about 15% to 60%. The term "total starch content" refers to the combination of the naturally occurring starch present in the farinaceous materials which may be used in the dough formulation whether pure or associated with other flour and/or starchy ingredients. Thus, in highly preferred embodiments, the farinaceous material includes, and cooked cereal doughs additionally comprise, in addition to the cereal flour, a starch component. Suitable starch components include any pregelatinized, ungelatinized, modified starch component. Especially preferred for use herein are starches derived from common cereal grains such as wheat, corn, rice, oats, rye, barley and mixtures thereof. If present, such starch material or supplemental farinaceous ingredient can comprise from about 0.1 to 25%, preferably about 1% to 15%. Another highly preferred optional component of the present cereal composition is common salt. If present, salt comprises from about 0.1% to 5% of the dough, preferably between 0.5% to 3%, and most preferably between 0.5% to 2.0%. 2. Cooking to Form a Cooked Cereal Dough In the next essential step, the essential dry materials together with optional ingredients such as sugar and salt are next combined with controlled quantities of water and cooked and worked to form gelatinized or "cooked" cereal doughs. Such gelatinized doughs, of course, can be prepared in various well known manners. Either batch cooking or continuous cooking operation can be used. Different methods of cooking including heating at atmospheric pressure in an agitated kettle, heating at elevated pressure in a tumbling type mixture, and heating under high pressure in a continuous mixer extruder. One preferred method herein of gelatinizing the starchy component of the dry mix is by cooking in an extruder under pressure whether single screw or double screw. Such a process is both continuous and flexible. Additionally, the use of higher pressures attainable in the extruder allow the use of higher temperatures and also lower water levels than are possible with a batch type cooking operation. The use of lower water levels thus minimizes the amount of drying required in subsequent steps and is helpful in control of absorbed moisture. For example, using an extrusion type process at 100 to 200 psig at about 250.degree. to 350.degree. F., 10% to 50% water based on the total moisture is sufficient to gelatinize the dough. Frequently, extruder cookers are equipped with upstream conditioners for further cooking, e.g., flavor development, and such modified extruder cooking systems can be and preferably are used herein. It is important to control closely the amount of added water. Due to the high level of fiber, the present cereal compositions tend to absorb high levels of water. Cooked cereal doughs resulting from excessive water addition can be difficult to process in subsequent operations due to the tackiness or stickiness of the dough and resistance to drying. The cooked cereal dough is characterized as having a moisture content of about 10% to about 50% by weight. Better results are obtained when the cooked cereal doughs have a final moisture content of 15% to 40%. The optimal moisture content upon completion of the cooking operation is a function of the fiber and grain used and generally ranges from about 20 to 30%. In the preferred embodiment, the cooked cereal dough is prepared by extrusion cooking in a single or double screw cooker extruder. The cooked cereal dough exiting the extruder preferably contains about 16% to 30% moisture depending upon the type and kind of fiber(s) used. Typical operating conditions range as follows: Exit temperature: 255.degree. to 310.degree. F. Residence time: 5 to 20 minutes Work input: 5 to 10 kw/lb The cooking step is continued at sufficiently high temperatures and pressures for such time so as to gelatinize the starch. Even longer cook steps can also be used, if desired, such as to promote cooked cereal flavor development. B. Forming Extrudate Ropes In the next essential step of the present methods of preparation, the cooked cereal dough is essentially extruded without significant puffing to form an extrudate rope(s) having a moisture content of about 16 to 30% by weight. Of course, a small moisture loss or blow-off occurs upon extrusion causing a small reduction in moisture content. Importantly, the extruder cooking and extrusion conditions are selected so as to minimize puffing upon forming the extrudate rope. Typically, the extrudate rope will have a temperature ranging from about 260.degree. to 310.degree. F. In preferred embodiments, the extrusion step is practiced so as to form extrudate ropes through die openings of 0.125-0.5 inch diameter, preferably about 0.25 to 0.375 inch. C. Sheeting Thereafter, the extrudate ropes immediately sheeted preferably while still warm (i.e., at about 120.degree. to 212.degree. F., preferably about 140.degree. to 180.degree. F.) are then sheeted to form a continuous single layer sheet. Conveniently, the extrudate cooked cereal dough ropes are fed into cooled sheeting rolls to form a single sheet layer. Importantly, the sheeted dough so formed has a thickness ranging from about 1.0 to 2.0 mm, preferably about 1.5 mm. Excessively thick sheets can result in finished products exhibiting a harder texture. Sheets too thin can result in finished products with broken or perforated shells. Optionally, the sheeting rolls can apply a surface corrugation to the rope to realize finished pieces having a textured surface to improve product crunchiness. D. Cutting Into Pieces Next, the present invention essentially involves the step of cutting the sheets, typically transversely, to form shaped (i.e., rectangular or square) individual pieces. In the preferred embodiment, the pieces are cut to form parallelogram shaped pieces. In the most preferred embodiment, rectangular pieces are formed measuring about 9.5 mm.times.12.5 mm and weighing, after drying, about 0.20 to 0.75 g, preferably about 0.3 to 0.4 gram. The cutting step is conveniently practiced employing a rotating cutter to cut the ribbons across their width to provide individual pieces. E. Pellet Drying After such shaping, sizing, the cooked cereal dough pieces are adjusted (e.g., partially dried) to a suitable puffing moisture within the essential 8% to 14% total moisture content range, preferably about 9% to 11% to form the present puffable R-T-E pellets. Any method of conventional drying can be used to reduce the moisture content of the pellets. The drying operation can be accomplished using equipment such as a rotary bed, tray and bulk dryers to form the present dried dough pellets. Simple hot air convection drying with agitation to prevent pellet sticking is the preferred method of pellet drying. The drying process must be controlled such that the moisture transfer to the atmosphere of the dryer from the pieces is rapid, i.e., to cause case hardening and the pellets are importantly characterized as being case hardened. Case hardening occurs when the moisture loss occurs only or disproportionately from the outer surface of the pellets while the inner portion of the pellets retains moisture. The total moisture of the pellets should be within an 8% to 14% range, so that the pellets will puff or expand properly during puffing. This desired puffing results from the dried material in the outer portions of the preformed pellets trapping the rapidly heated moisture in the interior of the pellet to the point where the pressure causes puffing of the pellet. If the air convection drying operation is carried out at about 70.degree. to 200.degree. F. (relative humidity at least 35%) the pellets will be dried within about one hour and the moisture distribution within the pellets will be proper. The term "pellet" as referred to in the art is used herein to refer to highly preferred puffable piece embodiments of roughly flat square pieces about 1.2 cm square, generally weighing between about 0 3 and 0.4 grams having a thickness ranging from about 1.0 to 2.0 mm. F. Pillow Puffing In the present methods, the pellets having been adjusted to a desirable moisture content, are then "blister" puffed to form the present pillow shaped puffed cereal base. Preferably, the cereal pellets are puffed in a high velocity hot air dryer such as a jet zone dryer (a type of fluidized bed) using an air temperature of about 400.degree. to 500.degree. F. and while not critical, an air velocity of about 1-4 ft/sec. The puffed pieces so formed essentially involve an expansion of the flat sheet pellets to form an interior hollow cavity having a surrounding skin. The puffed pieces thus are in the form of pillow shaped puffed cereal base pieces having a hollow, generally spherical core. The puffing step further reduces the moisture content to less than about 2% to 4% by weight. It is critical to the present organoleptic attributes that the skin has a very thin skin ranging in thickness of only from about 0.5 to 2 mm. The core diameter ranges from about 6.3 to 13 mm. The present puffed R-T-E cereal products are characterized by specific densities ranging from about 0.075 to 0.35, preferably about 0.1 to 0.12 g/cc. The puffed R-T-E cereal product can also be density characterized by bulk densities. In commercial practice, bulk densities are used to express the weight of the product when packaged in a conventional standard size carton, especially the small size, which conveniently is of a volume of about 125 cubic inches. The present puffed R-T-E products are essentially characterized by bulk densities ranging from about 150 to 300 grams per 125 cubic inch, preferably about 200 to 250 grams per 125 cubic inch. For best results, the products have bulk densities ranging from about 200 to 225 grams per 125 cubic inch. The individual puffed cereal pieces desirably weigh about 0.1 to 0.4 g each, preferably about 0.25 to 0.35 g. G. Sugar Coating Thereafter, the pillow shaped puffed cereal base pieces then are essentially coated with a topical sugar coating in known manner. Known compositions are used to apply the presweetening coating. Generally, such sugar coating solutions comprise a sugar syrup comprising sucrose, corn syrup, and water but can additionally comprise a triglyceride, e.g., coconut oil, soybean oil, cottonseed oil. Good results are obtained, for example, when the sugar coating syrup comprises about 20 to 85% sucrose, about 5 to 30% corn syrup, about 15 to 35% water and optionally about 0.1 to 0.5% fatty triglyceride. In more preferred embodiments, the sugar coating solution additionally comprises a flavor constituent and optionally vitamins and colors. The addition of a flavor constituent and/or vitamins to the sugar coating solution is preferred due to flavor losses and/or vitamin heat instability that can occur from the cooking, drying of the dough, and puffing steps practiced herein. These steps, due to their heat application, tend to drive off the volatile flavor constituents leading to flavor degradation or loss as well as to vitamin breakdown. Sufficient amounts of the sugar coating solution are applied, e.g., by enrobing, such that upon subsequent drying the cereal has a presweetener-coating of about 5 g to 25 g sweetener coating solids per 100 g of puffed high fiber cereal base, i.e., a weight ratio of sugar coating to cereal base, preferably about 5 to 10 g. The sweetener coating greatly improves the desired crispness attributes of the present puffed high TDF R-T-E cereal products as well as, of course, imparting a desirable sweet taste. The sugar coating step can be practiced in known manner using familiar enrobing and drying equipment and techniques. Typically, the sugar coating is applied by forming an aqueous sugar syrup and enrobing the syrup onto the cereal base and drying to remove the added moisture, either concomitantly or subsequently to enrobing. The drying is continued until finished product moisture contents of 2% to 6%, preferably &lt;4% are obtained. The preferred, sugar coated pieces have a bulk density of about 0.1 to 0.40 g/cc. The presweetened puffed high fiber R-T-E cereal products so prepared can be conventionally packaged and distributed. Upon consumption, the present high fiber puffed R-T-E cereals are delightfully crunchy yet nonetheless provide high levels of fiber. The high fiber content ready-to-eat breakfast cereal produced according to this invention will have a TDF or crude fiber content of approximately 9% to 42% and preferably from 21% to 32%, about 2.5 to 12 g/oz, preferably about 6 to 9 g/oz. The weight ratio of insoluble to soluble fiber essentially ranges from about 2 to 4:1, preferably about 1 to 2:1. Several recognized analytical methods are known which, unfortunately, when applied to individual fiber materials can give widely varying values to the relative contribution of soluble vs. insoluble fiber and even, although with lesser variability, to total dietary fiber. For use herein, the fiber testing methods and characterizations are those described in "Determination of Insoluble, Soluble, and Total Dietary Fiber in Foods and Food Products: Interlaboratory Study" by Leon Prosky et al., J. Assoc. Off. Anal. Chem. (Vol. 71, No. 5, 1988). Those skilled in the art will appreciate that the term dietary fiber is an indefinite one which has several meanings depending upon the method of assay among other variables. To remove this uncertainty the definition of NDR or dietary fiber in this application will be as defined by the method of Goering and Van Soest (Agricultural Handbook No. 379, A.R.S. USDA Washington, DC 1970) as modified and discussed by Robertson (Chapter 1). The detergent system of fiber analysis in (Topics in Dietary Fiber Research edited by G. G. A. Spiller and R. J. Amen, Plenum Press New York 1978) can also be used. Now referring to the drawings and specifically to FIGS. 1-3, there is shown an R-T-E cereal piece of the present invention generally designated by reference numeral 10. The R-T-E piece 10 there depicted is a puffed square or pillow shape. The R-T-E piece 10 is further seen optionally to include a visually and ornamentally distinctive surface texture feature 12 such as the corrugations or grid pattern depicted. Now referring generally to FIG. 4, it can be seen that the piece 10 comprises a seamless exterior shell in the form of a very thin but imperforate skin 14 surrounding a hollow cover 16. The high TDF R-T-E cereal products so prepared are both crispy and puffed. Additionally, the product exhibits excellent bowl life properties. Moreover, the R-T-E cereals exhibit low levels of teeth compaction. The fat levels are low, typically &lt;5%, and &lt;4% when oil is not added to the sugar coating syrup. The finished R-T-E cereals can be conventionally packaged and distributed. INDUSTRIAL APPLICATION The present invention finds particular suitability in the commercial preparation of R-T-E breakfast cereals. The present invention provides puffed, R-T-E cereals of desirable crunch and crispness notwithstanding the high levels of total dietary fiber. Without further elaboration, it is believed that one skilled in the art can, using the preceding description, utilize the present invention to its fullest extent. The following preferred specific embodiments are, therefore, to be construed as merely illustrative and not limitative of the remainder of the disclosure. It will be appreciated that other modifications of the present invention, within the skill of the R-T-E cereal art, can be undertaken without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention. EXAMPLE 1 A crisp, crunchy, pillow shaped, puffed, high fiber R-T-E cereal product of the present invention is prepared as follows: A dry blend of the following ingredients was prepared: ______________________________________ Ingredient Weight % ______________________________________ Corn flour 18.9 Rice flour 18.9 Corn bran 34.0 Wheat starch 7.8 Salt 2.0 Sugar 15.5 Malt syrup 2.9 100.0% ______________________________________ The dry mix was processed through a single cooker extruder, and processsed as follows: About 2,000 lb (910 kg) of the dry blend ingredients were blended for 15 minutes in a conventional ribbon blender equipped with a wet blend/dry blend bladed mixer. The ingredients mixture was then fed to a low pressure single screw cooker extruder equipped with a precooker conditioner with sufficient water to completely cook the mixture to a moisture content of about 35%. The residence time in the conditioner was about 30 min. The conditioner operating pressure was ambient pressure. The cooked cereal base was then extruded as several ropes of dough. The cooked cereal dough was then extruded in the form of several unpuffed extrudate dough ropes having a temperature of about 295.degree. F., a moisture content of 20%, and a diamater of about 0.3 inch. The extrudate ropes were then fed to a sheeting roll to form dough ribbons having a thickness of about 1.5 mm. Immediately thereafter, the ribbons were sectioned with a reciprocating cutter to form individual rectangular pieces measuring about 0.6.times.1.2 cm in size. Next, the pieces were dried in a forced hot air dryer operating at a temperature of 185.degree. F. and a relative humidity of about 40%. The pieces were dried for about 60 minutes to a moisture content of 10% to form case hardened dried pieces. The pieces were then puffed in a fluidized bed hot air dryer operating at a temperature of 410.degree. F., air velocity of 2.0 ft/sec. The pellets were puffed to form an R-T-E cereal base in the form of pillow shaped hollow pieces. The pieces had a hollow core and a skin thickness of about 1.5 mm, and a bulk density of 0.15 g/cc. Thereafter, the pillow shaped puffed cereal base pieces had applied thereto a topical sugar coating as follows: A sugar coating/slurry composition was made separately having the following formulation: ______________________________________ Ingredient Weight % ______________________________________ Sugar 60 Water 20 Vanilla flavor 5 Corn syrup 14 Salt 1 100% ______________________________________ The cereal base and sugar slurry were charged to an enrober in a weight ratio of 4:1 cereal base to coating (dry basis) and tumbled until evenly coated. Thereafter, the enrobed cereal pieces were dried with forced hot air to a final product moisture content of about 4%. The finished presweetened high fiber R-T-E cereal had a fiber content of about 24.75%. The insoluble to soluble fiber ratio was about 6:1. The fat content was about 3.5%. EXAMPLE 2 A crisp, crunchy, pillow shaped puffed, high fiber R-T-E cereal product of the present invention is prepared as follows: A dry blend of the following ingredients was prepared: ______________________________________ Ingredient Weight % ______________________________________ Rice bran 45.0 Rice flour 14.5 Corn flour 14.5 Pregelled starch 10.0 Salt 0.9 Sugar 12.5 Malt syrup 2.5 NaHCO.sub.3 0.1 100.0% ______________________________________ The above formulation was processed to form finished, puffed cereal base pieces as Example 1. Total dietary fiber is 3.0 g/oz. Thereafter, a sugar coating composition was separately prepared having the following formulation: ______________________________________ Ingredient Weight % ______________________________________ Sugar 51.0 Water 36.2 Honey 12.0 Salt 0.8 100.0% ______________________________________ The sugar coating was applied in a weight ratio (dry basis) of 6:1. The enrobed pieces were then dried to a moisture content of 2.5% to form the final product. A crisp, crunchy, pillow shaped, puffed, high fiber R-T-E cereal product resulted. The insoluble to soluble fiber ratio was about 6:1. The fat content was less than about 4%. The exterior shell had a thickness of about 1.0 mm. Final product has a crunchy texture, and a sweet, nutty flavor. Final TDF was 2.65 g/oz. Sugar content was 7.0 g/oz. The bulk density was about 0.17 g/cc. EXAMPLE 3 A crisp, crunchy, pillow shaped, puffed, high fiber R-T-E cereal product of the present invention is prepared as follows: ______________________________________ Ingredient Weight % ______________________________________ Corn flour 14.8 Soy fiber 42.3 Rice flour 14.8 Wheat starch 7.8 Salt 1.9 Sugar 15.5 Malt syrup 2.9 100.0% ______________________________________ The R-T-E cereal product was prepared essentially as described in Example 1. Product had a TDF of 10.3g/oz, with a very crunchy texture with extremely long bowl life. A crisp, crunchy, pillow shaped, puffed, high fiber R-T-E cereal product resulted. The insoluble to soluble fiber ratio was about 4:1. The fat content was less than about 4%. The exterior shell had a thickness of about 1.0 inch. The bulk density was about 0.15 g/cc. 72 628760 19901217 75 628980 19901217 FIELD OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates to food products and to their methods of preparation. More particularly, the present invention pertains to puffed R-T-E breakfast cereals of high Total Dietary Fiber content and to their methods of preparation. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Ready-To-Eat ("R-T-E") cereals are popular food items and exist in large numbers of varieties. R-T-E cereals, especially those comprising whole grain, are known as good sources of fiber. A good description of the literature pertaining to the health discussion on the role of fiber is found in U.S. Pat. No. 4,777,045 (issued Oct. 11, 1988 to Vanderveer et al. and is entitled High Bran Snack) which is incorporated herein by reference. In view of the health interest in fiber, high fiber cereals are increasingly popular. These cereals typically contain added levels of insoluble fiber sources, especially corn and wheat bran, and range generally from about 2-5 g fiber/oz cereal. Some cereals are formulated from all bran sources and can contain up to 8-10g/oz fiber. High fiber cereals using purified insoluble fiber sources and artificial sweeteners can even contain as high as 8-13 g fiber/oz of cereal. Generally, high fiber cereals while containing high levels of insoluble fiber contain low levels of soluble fiber. The food art has recently experienced great interest in dietary fiber which has resulted in rapid development in the understanding of fiber. "Total dietary fiber" is a relatively new term for what used to be known colloquially as bulk, roughage, bran, etc. and generally is a collective term embracing various fiber types. Broadly, however, total dietary fiber includes two categories of fiber; namely, insoluble dietary fiber ("IDF") and soluble dietary fiber ("SDF"). Increasing the insoluble fiber content of the diet has been suggested as being beneficial for such conditions as irregularity, colon cancer and even varicose veins. Recently, however, soluble fiber has enjoyed great attention due to the beneficial effects of increased consumption on lowering elevated cholesterol levels (anti-hypercholesterolemia) and thus hopefully on the incidence and severity of coronary heart disease and arteriosclerosis. While popular and potentially beneficial to good nutrition, high fiber cereals are not without disadvantages. The primary concern is with the organoleptic qualities of the R-T-E cereal containing high levels of fiber. Generally, as the concentration of fiber increases, the starchy components necessarily decrease, adversely affecting the cereals' organoleptic and physical properties. High fiber cereals are often dry, exhibit very short bowl lives, yield highly frangible pieces and experience annoying compaction in interstitial areas of teeth ("teeth compaction"). Most importantly from a consumer preference standpoint, such high fiber content cereals lack the organoleptically essential property of crispness or crunchiness. R-T-E cereals fortified with soluble fiber are especially prone towards exhibiting undesirably soft and uncrisp properties. The present invention is directed towards the provision of a high TDF fiber R-T-E cereal with superior organoleptic attributes or qualities, especially crispness and which is fortified with insoluble, or both insoluble and soluble dietary fiber. Surprisingly, the present invention provides such a superior quality high fiber R-T-E cereal which nonetheless contains a high concentration of TDF fiber. In view of the difficulties of formulating R-T-E cereals with high levels of insoluble fiber, the prior art includes many efforts at improving the qualities of insoluble fiber fortified R-T-E cereals. Generally, previous high fiber R-T-E cereal products are unpuffed, typically in the form of flakes or shreds. See U.S. Pat. No. 4,497,840 (issued Feb. 5, 1985 to Gould et al.) entitled Cereal Foods Made From Oats and Method of Making. While unpuffed high IDF R-T-E cereal products are popular, it would be desirable to have a puffed and crisp high TDF R-T-E cereal. Of course, full oat flour puffed and crisp R-T-E cereals are well known and popular (e.g., Cheerios.RTM. brand R-T-E cereal). Such R-T-E cereals contain certain native levels of oat bran and thus low (relative to the present invention) levels of TDF. However, it would be desirable then to substantially fortify the cereal composition to provide a high TDF crisp, puffed cereal. Unfortunately, such fiber fortification materially adversely affects the oat cereal compositions puffability. Indeed, a high oat bran cereal composition, if high in soluble fiber exhibits poor puffability. In short, it is difficult to formulate a high TDF R-T-E cereal of desirable crispness. It is also difficult to formulate a high TDF R-T-E cereal that is puffed. To formulate a high TDF R-T-E cereal which is both crisp and puffed is extremely difficult. Other high density or unpuffed high fiber food products containing various fiber sources are well known. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 4,568,557, to Becker et al., discloses a snack food product prepared by pre-mixing a dietary fiber with a food grade oil; premixing a compound coating containing a fractionated fat, sweetener, milk solids, yogurt, and a flavoring agent; blending the two pre-mixtures and adding a cereal product and a dried fruit or nut; and extruding the resulting mixture into a desired shape. While useful, the product is undesirably high in fat and unpuffed. European patent application No. 0068229, to Kleinert, discloses the addition of the seed coats (episperm) of cocoa beans in finely powdered form, to dough, bread, snacks, and chocolate to increase bulk and stimulate the intestinal tract. U.S. Pat. No. 4,348,379, to Kowalsky, discloses a dietetic composition for natural digestion regulation containing whole fleawort seeds, whole linseed, wheat bran, lactose, a binding agent based on natural rubber, flavor and food color additives. The preferred binding agent is gum arabic. Recently, improved R-T-E cereals that are fortified with soluble fiber having improved organoleptic attributes have been developed (see, for example, U.S. Ser. No. 330,245 entitled R-T-E Cereal With Psyllium, filed Mar. 29, 1989 by Ringe and U.S. Ser. No. 446,247 entitled R-T-E Cereal With Soluble Fiber, filed Dec. 5, 1989 by Ringe et al.). While these references disclose compositions of improved palatability, the taste of most products, especially R-T-E cereals, containing a sufficient amount of fiber to be efficacious continues to be a problem. Those products which are particularly rich in fiber generally employ a fat or oil to increase the palatability of the products to mask partially the dryness and/or grittiness of most fiber sources. Thus, it is quite surprising that a high total dietary fiber organoleptically pleasing R-T-E cereal can be obtained which does not require high levels of a fat ingredient and which is both crispy and puffed. The present cereal products are essentially fabricated from a defined cooked cereal dough composition importantly defined in part by high levels of both insoluble and soluble fiber in a certain combination and formed into a puffed R-T-E cereal piece of a pillow shaped, hollow configuration. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a top plan view of an embodiment of a FOOD PRODUCT PIECE illustrating our new design, the opposite side being substantially a mirror image thereof; FIG. 2 is a side elevational view thereof, the opposite side being substantially a mirror image thereof; FIG. 3 is a bottom elevational view thereof, the opposite top side being substantially a mirror image thereof; and FIG. 4 is a cross sectional view thereof showing a hollow cavity.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A high fiber puffed R-T-F cereal exhibiting improved organoleptic properties comprising: a cereal base in the form of a hollow pillow having an exterior shell and a hollow core, wherein the shell has a layer thickness ranging from about 0.5 to 2 mm, wherein the cereal base is fabricated from a cooked cereal dough composition comprising: about 2.5 to 12 g/oz total dietary fiber and the balance R-T-E cereal ingredients, wherein the cereal base has a topical presweetener coating in a weight ratio of cereal base to presweetener coating to about 1-20:1, wherein the total fat content is less than about 4%, wherein the bulk density of the R-T-E cereal ranges from about 0.075 to 0.35 g/cc, and wherein the total dietary fiber comprises an insoluble dietary fiber portion and a soluble dietary fiber portion in a weight ratio of about 2:1 to 4:1. 2. 2. The R-T-E cereal of claim 1 wherein the cooked cereal dough comprises: A. about 25 to 80 wt % of a first farinaceous material (dry weight basis), B. about 0.1 to 20 wt % of a nutritive carbohydrate sweetening agent, C. sufficient amounts of a fiber source material having a particle size ranging from about 25 to 1000 microns, so as to provide a total dietary fiber content of about 2.5 to 12 g/oz, D. about 0.1 to 5 wt % salt, and E. a moisture content of less than about 4 wt %, and wherein the shell has an imperforate exterior surface. 3. 3. The R-T-E cereal of claim 2 wherein the fiber source material is selected from the group consisting of cellulose, microcrystalline cellulose, cocoa bran, corn bran, oat bran, oat fiber, apple pulp, pectin, psyllium, rice bran, sugar beet pulp, wheat bran, soybean fiber, hydrocolloids, pea fiber, wheat fiber and mixtures thereof. 4. 4. The R-T-E cereal of claim 3 wherein the pieces weigh from about 0.1 to 0.4 g, and wherein the farinaceous material comprises: 1. a cereal flour. 5. 5. The R-T-E cereal of claim 4 wherein the shell has a thickness of about 1 to 1.5 mm, wherein the weight ratio of cereal base to sweetener coating is about 3 to 10:1, and wherein the bulk density ranges from about 0.10 to 0.4 g/cc. 6. 6. The R-T-E cereal of claim 5 wherein the cooked cereal dough comprises: A. about 25 to 80 wt % of the farinaceous material and wherein the farinaceous material comprises: a) a cereal flour b) a cereal starch B. about 0.1 to 20 wt % of the nutritive carbohydrate sweetening agent, C. about 10 to 50 wt % of the fiber source, D. about 0.1 to 5 wt % salt. 7. 7. The R-T-E cereal of claim 6 wherein the cereal flour includes corn flour, rice flour, wheat flour, oat flour, barley flour and mixtures thereof. 8. 8. The R-T-E cereal of claim 7 wherein the farinaceous material includes a whole grain flour. 9. 9. The R-T-E cereal of claim 7 wherein the shell exterior surface is continuous and non-porous. 10. 10. The R-T-E cereal of claim 9 wherein the shell has a textured exterior surface. 11. 11. The R-T-E cereal of claim 9 wherein the shell is seamless and at least a portion of which includes corrugations. 12. 12. The R-T-E cereal of claim 11 wherein the shell has a portion having a textured exterior surface including a first series of corrugations and a second series of corrugations at an angle to the first series to form a grid pattern. 13. 13. A method for preparing a high fiber puffed R-T-E cereal, comprising the steps of: A. forming a cooked cereal dough comprising 1. about 25 to 80% of a farinaceous material by weight of the dough (dry basis), 2. about 0.1% to 20% of a nutritive carbohydrate sweetening agent, 3. sufficient amounts of a supplemental fiber material to provide the dough with a total dietary fiber content ranging from about 2.5 to 12 g/oz (dry basis) including a soluble dietary fiber fraction and an insoluble dietary fiber fraction in a weight ratio ranging from about 1:2 to 4, 4. a moisture content of about 15% to 35%; B. extruding the cooked cereal dough into extrudate ropes; C. sheeting the ropes into continuous sheets having a thickness ranging from about 1.0 to 2.0 mm; D. cutting the sheets to form shaped individual pieces; E. drying the pieces sufficiently rapidly to form dried case hardened pieces having a moisture content ranging from about 8% to 14%; F. heating the dried pieces to expand the pieces and to form a cereal base comprising puffed pillow shaped pieces having a skin enclosing a hollow interior, said skin having a thickness ranging from about 0.5 to 2 mm and having a bulk density ranging from about 0.075 to 0.35 g/cc (1.2 to 5.7 g/cu inch); and G. applying a topical sugar coating to the cereal base to form a crunchy and puffed high TDF R-T-E cereal. 14. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the cooked cereal dough comprises A. about 25 to 80 wt % of a first farinaceous material (dry weight basis), B. about 0.1 to 20 wt % of a nutritive carbohydrate sweetening agent, C. sufficient amounts of a fiber source material having a particle size ranging from about 25 to 1000 microns, so as to provide a total dietary fiber content of about 6 to 9 g/oz, D. about 0.1 to 3 wt % salt, and E. a moisture content of less than about 4 wt %. 15. 15. The method of claim 13 wherein the fiber source material is selected from the group consisting of cellulose, microcrystalline cellulose, cocoa bran, corn bran, oat bran, oat fiber, apple pulp, pectin, psyllium, rice bran, sugar beet pulp, wheat bran, soybean fiber, hydrocolloids, pea fiber, wheat fiber and mixtures thereof. 16. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein the cooked cereal dough has a moisture content of about 18 to 24%. 17. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the puffing step is practiced using a fluidized bed dryer. 18. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein the fluidized bed dryer has a temperature of about 400.degree. to 500.degree. F., an air velocity of about 0.5 to 4 ft/sec. 19. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein the skin has a thickness ranging from about 1 to 1.5 mm. 20. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein the pieces are parallelogram in shape and each weigh about 0.2 to 0.5 g. 21. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein the weight ratio of sugar coating to cereal base is about 10 to 25:1. 22. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein the cooked cereal dough additionally comprises a second farinaceous material, said second farinaceous material being a cereal starch, and wherein the first farinaceous material is a cereal flour. 23. 23. A pellet useful for puffing to form a puffed, high fiber R-T-E cereal, comprising: a cooked farinaceous dough in the form of a planar parallelogram having a thickness of about 0.5 to 2 mm and a weight ranging from about 0.2 to 0.5 g, said dough comprising: A. about 25 to 80 wt % of a first farinaceous material (dry weight basis), B. about 0.1 to 20 wt % of a nutritive carbohydrate sweetening agent, C. sufficient amounts of a fiber source material having a particle size ranging from about 25 to 1000 microns, so as to provide a total dietary fiber content of about 6 to 9 g/oz, D. about 0.1 to 3 wt % salt, and E. a moisture content of less than about 4 wt %. said pellet having a case hardened surface. 24. 24. The pellet of claim 23 wherein the fiber source has an insoluble fiber content to soluble fiber content ranging from about 2:1 to 4:1. 25. 25. The pellet of claim 24 wherein the cereal composition comprises: A. about 25 to 80 wt % of a first farinaceous material (dry weight basis), B. about 0.1 to 20 wt % of a nutritive carbohydrate sweetening agent, C. sufficient amounts of a fiber source material having a particle size ranging from about 25 to 1000 microns, so as to provide a total dietary fiber content of about 2.5 to 12 g/oz, D. about 0.1 to 5 wt % salt, and E. a moisture content of less than about 4 wt %. 26. 26. The pellet of claim 25 wherein the fiber source material is selected from the group consisting of cellulose, microcrystalline cellulose, cocoa bran, corn bran, oat bran, oat fiber, apple pulp, pectin, psyllium, rice bran, sugar beet pulp, wheat bran, soybean fiber, hydrocolloids, pea fiber, wheat fiber and mixtures thereof. 27. 27. The pellet of claim 26 wherein the pieces weigh from about 0.1 to 0.4 g, and wherein the farinaceous material comprises: 1. a cereal flour wherein the cooked cereal dough comprises: A. about 25 to 80 wt % of the farinaceous material and wherein the farinaceous material comprises: 1) a cereal flour, 2) a cereal starch, B. about 0.1 to 20 wt % of the nutritive carbohydrate sweetening agent, C. about 10 to 50 wt % of the fiber source, and D. about 0.1 to 5 wt % salt. 28. 28. The pellet of claim 27 wherein a portion has a textured exterior surface including a first series of corrugations and a second series of corrugations at an angle to the first series to form a grid pattern.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176937</DOCNO><APP-NO>649373</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910131</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176937</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>A23L  1/221</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>426655</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>63-153143	19880621	JP	63-277717	19881102	JP	63-290832	19881117	JP</PRIORITY><CITATION>4612205/19860900	4758351/19880700</CITATION><INVENTOR>Kurihara; Yoshie<tab>Kohno; Hiroshige<tab>Kato; Masaaki<tab>Ikeda; Kenji<tab>Miyake; Masako</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Kurihara; Yoshie<tab>Asahi Denka Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Reinforcer for taste-modifier</TITLE><ABST>A reinforcer for a taste-modifier comprising fresh Curuculigo latifolia fruits, dried fruits thereof or a curuculin-containing material obtained therefrom, which comprises a material capable of lowering the concentration of divalent metal ions in the mouth and reinforces the taste-modification effect of said taste-modifier.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION A typical example of divalent ions in the mouth is calcium ion contained in the saliva. Further magnesium and ferrous ions may be cited therefor. Examples of a material capable of lowering the concentration of these metal ions include those containing carbonate ions, those capable of forming carbonate ions in the mouth and cation exchangers. A carbonate ion would react with a calcium or magnesium ion to thereby form a precipitate comprising a water-insoluble salt. Consequently it would lower the concentration of the calcium and magnesium ions in the mouth. Examples of the materials containing carbonate ions or forming the same in the mouth include carbon dioxide gas, water soluble carbonates and aqueous solutions thereof. Examples of the water soluble carbonates include sodium hydrogencarbonate and potassium carbonate. The abovementioned aqueous solutions of carbon dioxide gas or water soluble carbonates preferably have a carbonate ion concentration of 0.01 to 1.0M. Examples of the cation exchangers include ion exchange resins such as Amberlite IR-120 and IRC-50 (mfd. by Rohm and Haas), Dowex 50 (mfd. by Rohm and Hass) and Bio-Rex 70 (mfd. by Rohm and Haas), ion exchange celluloses such as CM-cellulose and phosphocellulose and CM-Sephadex. The reinforcer of the present invention comprising a material capable of lowering the concentration of divalent metal ions in the mouth may be administered into the mouth. When the reinforcer of the present invention comprising the abovementioned cation exchanger is to be introduced into the mouth, it may be preferably come into contact with the upper surface of the tongue. The reinforcer of the present invention may be taken either before taking the taste-modifier comprising fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits, dried fruits thereof or a curuculin-containing material obtained therefrom or thereafter. When said reinforcer is to be administered after taking the taste-modifier, it may be taken either after taking the material to be modified, such as a sour material, or simultaneously therewith. The fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits or dried fruits thereof constituting the taste-modifier to be used in the present invention may be preferably free from peels and seeds, since no curuculin is contained in these parts. The method for drying Curculigo latifolia fruits is not particularly restricted. Namely, sun-dried Curculigo latifolia fruits, hot air-dried ones and lyophilized ones such as lyophilized pulp may be used in the present invention. The fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits or dried fruits thereof may be generally ground, milled or pasted prior to the use, though the form of the fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits or dried fruits thereof is not particularly restricted. Examples of the curuculin-containing material obtained from fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits or dried fruits thereof described above include curuculin extracted from fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits, dried fruits thereof or the residue obtained by appropriately treating the fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits or dried fruits thereof and removing a curuculin-free component therefrom. The concentration of the curuculin extracted from fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits or dried fruits thereof is not particularly restricted. Namely, either a highly pure curuculin or an extract containing a large amount of materials other than the curculin may be used in the present invention. Further the extract may be mixed with other components. The extraction of the curuculin is not particularly restricted. A preferable example thereof comprises extracting from fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits or dried fruits thereof with an aqueous solution of a salt at a concentration of at least 0.01M. Examples of the salt include chlorides such as sodium chloride, potassium chloride, calcium chloride, magnesium chloride and ammonium chloride; phosphates such as sodium phosphate, potassium phosphate, magnesium phosphate and ammonium phosphate; carbonates such as sodium carbonate, potassium carbonate, magnesium carbonate and ammonium carbonate; sulfates such as sodium sulfates, magnesium sulfate, calcium sulfate and ammonium sulfate; sulfites such as sodium sulfite, magnesium sulfite, calcium sulfite and ammonium sulfite; nitrates such as sodium nitrate and potassium nitrate; nitrites such as sodium nitrite and potassium nitrite; lactates such as sodium lactate and calcium lactate; alum; burnt alum; sodium acetate; pyrophosphates such as sodium pyrophosphate and potassium pyrophosphate; propionates such as sodium propionate and calcium propionate; sodium benzoate; sodium fumarate; and sodium polyacrylate. A typical example of the extraction of curculin with the aqueous solution of a salt may be carried in the following manner. An aqueous solution of a salt such as sodium chloride is added to fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits or dried fruits thereof and the obtained mixture is homogenized followed by filtering and centrifuging. Since curuculin is contained in the water-insoluble part of Curculigo latifolia sarcocarp, it is preferable to homogenize the above mixture of the fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits or dried fruits thereof and water followed by thoroughly washing the mixture to thereby remove the water-soluble part and extracting from the residue with the abovementioned salt solution so as to elevate the purity of curuculin. The concentration of the salt of the aqueous solution to be used for the extraction should be 0.01M or more, since curuculin can not be sufficiently extracted with a salt solution of a concentration lower than 0.01M. On the other hand, a salt solution of an excessively high concentration requires a prolonged period of time for desalting following the extraction. Thus the concentration of the salt solution preferably ranges from 0.1 to 1.0M, from the viewpoints of the extraction efficiency and the subsequent purification procedure. The extract thus obtained with the use of the salt solution is then desalted and dried to thereby give a curuculin-containing material which is sufficiently available in practice. However the purity of curuculin can be further elevated by purifying the above extract by ion exchange chromatography with the use of CM-Sepharose and HPLC with the use of a gel column followed by desalting and drying. Thus pure curuculin can be obtained. It is a matter of course that the curculin purity may be further elevated by various purification procedures other than those described above, for example, known protein purification procedures such as salting-out or solvent precipitation. A typical example of the curuculin thus obtained is a protein having a molecular weight of approximately 12,500 dalton, an amino acid residue number of 97 and an iso-electric point of 7.1. This protein is present as a dimer of a molecular weight of approximately 26,000 dalton. The following Table 1 shows the amino acid composition of this protein. Thus it contains relatively large amounts of aspartic acid, leucine and glycine. TABLE 1 ______________________________________ Amino acid composition Amino acid % by mol No. of residues ______________________________________ Aspartic acid (Asp) 17.3 17 Threonine (Thr) 6.4 6 Serine (Ser) 7.0 7 Glutamic acid (Glu) 7.2 7 Proline (Pro) 1.2 1 Glycine (Gly) 12.5 12 Alanine (Ala) 5.3 5 Cystine (Half-cys) -- -- Valine (Val) 6.8 7 Methionine (Met) 0.4 1 Isoleucine (Ile) 4.2 4 Leucine (Leu) 14.5 14 Tyrosine (Tyr) 5.2 5 Phenylalanine (Phe) 1.3 1 Lysine (Lys) 2.7 3 Histidine (His) 2.4 2 Arginine (Arg) 5.5 5 Total 97 ______________________________________ To further illustrate the present invention, the following examples will be given. EXAMPLE 1 1 g of a curculigo latifolia fruit was finely ground in a mortar to thereby give a pasty taste-modifier. The inside of the mouth was thoroughly washed with carbonated water and then 0.5 g of the above taste-modifier was made to uniformly adhere onto the upper surface of the tongue. One minute thereafter, 20 ml of a 0.02M aqueous solution of citric acid was kept in the mouth. Thus the citric acid solution showed a sweetness comparable to that of a sugar solution. EXAMPLE 2 600 ml of water was added to 30 g of hot air-dried curculigo latiofolia fruits and the mixture was homogenized in a mixer for two minutes and centrifuged at 10,000 rpm for 30 minutes. After removing the supernatant which was colored, 600 ml of water was added to the residue. The obtained mixture was homogenized and centrifuged and the supernatant was removed. This procedure was repeated four times until noncolored supernatant was obtained. To the residue thus obtained, was added 250 ml of 0.5M aqueous solution of NaCl. The mixture was homogenized in a mixer for two minutes and filtered under reduced pressure. 250 ml of 0.5M aqueous solution of NaCl was further added to the residue and the obtained mixture was homogenized and filtered under reduced pressure to thereby give a filtrate. These filtrates were combined and centrifuged at 30,000 rpm for one hour. Thus a crude curuculin extract was obtained as the supernatant. This crude extract was desalted and dried to thereby give a curuculin-containing material, namely, crude curuculin. 100 mg of the crude curuculin thus obtained and 1 mg of sodium chloride were dissolved in 20 ml of water to thereby give a 0.5% aqueous solution of the crude curuculin. 1 ml of this curuculin solution was kept in the mouth for a minute and then expectorated. Subsequently 5 mg of L-ascorbic acid or a mixture of L-ascorbic acid and sodium hydrogencarbonate (1:1) was taken. Table 2 shows the sweetness induced in each case. TABLE 2 ______________________________________ Sample Sweetness ______________________________________ L-ascorbic acid Comparable to that of 0.2 M aqueous solution of sucrose L-ascorbic acid/ Comparable to that of 0.3 M sodium hydrogen- aqueous solution of sucrose carbonate (1:1) ______________________________________ EXAMPLE 3 500 ml of the crude curuculin extract obtained in Example 2 was concentrated to 30 ml through ultrafiltration. Then 70 ml of a 0.01M phosphate buffer (pH 6.8) was added thereto to thereby give the total volume of 100 ml. The sample solution thus obtained was passed through a column charged with CM-Sepharose CL-4B which had been equilibrated with a 0.01M phosphate buffer (pH 6.8) (bed volume: 130 ml, bed height: 17 cm). After washing with a 0.01M phosphate buffer (pH 6.8), the column was subjected to gradient elution with 0 to 1.0M NaCl/0.01M phosphate buffer (pH 6.8) and active fractions were combined. These active fractions were concentrated by ultrafiltration, subjected to HPLC with the use of a gel column charged with TSK Gel G3000SW (mfd. by Toyo Soda Mfg. Co., Ltd.) and eluted with a 0.01M phosphate buffer (pH 6.8). Thus curuculin was eluted as a sharp peak showing an intense activity. This active fraction was desalted and dried to thereby give purified curuculin. 10 mg of the purified curuculin thus obtained and 1 mg of sodium chloride were dissolved in 20 ml of water to thereby give a 0.01% aqueous solution of curuculin. A cation exchange resin Amberlite IR-120 (mfd. by Rohm and Haas) was kept in the mouth for a minute to thereby uniformly contact it with the whole upper surface of the tongue. Then it was expectorated. Subsequently 1 ml of the 0.01% aqueous solution of curuculin obtained above was kept in the mouth for a minute and then expectorated. Then a 0.02M aqueous solution of citric acid was taken. Table 3 shows the sweetness thus induced and that induced by the same procedure as the one described above except no cation exchange resin was used. TABLE 3 ______________________________________ Cation exchanger Sweetness ______________________________________ No Comparable to that of 0.3 M aqueous solution of sucrose Yes Comparable to that of 0.4 M aqueous solution of sucrose ______________________________________ 71 362861 19890607 03 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention This invention relates to a reinforcer for a taste-modifier. More particularly, it relates to a reinforcer for a taste-modifier comprising fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits, dried fruits thereof or a curuculin-containing material obtained therefrom, which reinforces the taste-modification effect of said taste-modifier by lowering the concentration of divalent metal ions in the mouth. 2. Description of the Prior Art Known taste-modifiers, which affect the receptor membranes on the tongue in such a manner as to modify the taste of a food, include those which remove the sweetness of a sweet food in the mouth, for example, gymnemic acid contained in Gymnema sylvestre leaves and ziziphine contained in Ziziphus jujuba leaves; and those which convert the sourness of a sour food into sweetness in the mouth, for example, miraculin contained in Synsepulm dulcificum fruits. It is further known that Curculigo latifolia fruits, which grow in Western Malaysia and the southern part of Thailand and belong to the genus Curculigo of Amaryllidaceae, are good to eat and exhibit an appetizing effect. Although miraculin has the abovementioned effect, it is not put into practical use as a taste-modifier because of its poor stability. No effect of Curculigo latifolia fruits except the abovementioned one has been known so far. The present inventors have found that a sour material or water taken after eating Curculigo latifolia fruits would taste sweet. Thus they have attempted to identify the sweetness-inducer. As a result, they have found that a specific protein contained in Curculigo latifolia fruits is the aimed sweetness-inducer (cf. Japanese Patent Application No. 153143/1988). However the taste-modification effect of the abovementioned curuculin-containing taste-modifier is to such an extent at the highest that a sweetness comparable to that of a 0.3M aqueous solution of sucrose may be induced from a 0.02M aqueous solution of citric acid or that a sweetness comparable to that of a 0.1M aqueous solution of sucrose may be induced from water, when the receptor membrane on the tongue is fully modified with a sufficient amount of said taste-modifier. Thus the industrial application range of said taste-modifier containing curuculin is restricted thereby. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION It is an object of the present invention to provide a reinforcer for the abovementioned curuculin provide a reinforcer for the abovementioned curuculin-containing containing taste-modifier which can reinforce the taste-modification effect of said taste-modifier and thus enlarge the application range of the same. As a result of extensive studies, the present inventors have succeeded in achieving the above object with the use of a material capable of lowering the concentration of divalent metal ions in the mouth. Accordingly the present invention, which has been completed based on the above finding, provides a reinforcer for a taste-modifier comprising fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits, dried fruits thereof or a curuculin-containing material obtained therefrom, which comprises a material capable of lowering the concentration of divalent metal ions in the mouth. The reinforcer for a taste-modifier of the present invention would reinforce the taste-modification effect of the taste-modifier comprising fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits, dried fruits thereof or a curuculin-containing material obtained therefrom and thus enlarge the industrial application range of the same. Therefore it is highly effective and important in order to put said taste-modifier into practical use. </SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A reinforcer for a taste-modifier comprising a salt solution extract of fresh Curculigo latifolia fruits, or dried fruits thereof, said reinforcer comprising a material capable of lowering the concentration of divalent metal ions in the mouth, said material being selected from the group consisting of carbon dioxide gas, water soluble carbonates; 0.01 to 1.0M aqueous solutions of carbon dioxide gas or said carbonates, and cation exchangers, and reinforces the taste-modification effect of said taste-modifier when said taste-modifier modifies the material to be modified. 2. 2. The reinforcer of claim 1 wherein the material is said cation exchanger. 3. 3. The reinforcer of claim 1 wherein said material is said carbonate. 4. 4. The reinforcer of claim 1 wherein said material is said carbon dioxide gas. 5. 5. The reinforcer of claim 1 wherein the material is said aqueous solution of carbon dioxide gas. 6. 6. The reinforcer of claim 1 wherein the material is said aqueous solution of said carbonate.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176938</DOCNO><APP-NO>527315</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19900523</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176938</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B05D  1/08</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>427447</PRI-USPC><CITATION>3010009/19611100	4328257/19820500	4596718/19860600	4670290/19870600	4801435/19890100	4877640/19891000	4901921/19900200</CITATION><INVENTOR>Wallsten; Hans I.<tab>Yasuda; Hirotsugu K.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Plasmacarb Inc.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Process for surface treatment of pulverulent material</TITLE><ABST>A process for the surface treatment of individual particles of a pulverulent material to improve the surface properties thereof. The process includes a plasma-generating apparatus for generating a plasma in a plasmagenerator while supplying an inert gas at a high drift velocity into the generator to form a low temperature plasma flame which is directed into a low pressure zone. Subsequently, the pulverulent material is injected into the high velocity inert gas or into the base of the plasma flame to disintegrate any particle aggregate present in the material. The low temperature plasma acts on the surface of each individual particle to improve the properties thereof. The treated particles can then be recovered from the zone.</ABST><SPEC>DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF A PREFERRED EMBODIMENT OF THE INVENTION The plasma-generating apparatus shown in FIG. 1 and generally designated 1 is of the so-called cascade arc reactor type creating a plasma torch, wherein the powder is subjected to treatment or a coating. The plasma-generating apparatus 1 contains a cascade arc reactor generally designated 3 which is built up from a series of concentric metallic rings 5 separated by insulator rings not shown. The metallic rings 3 float electrically between an anode ring 6 and a cathode 7, and the energy supply may be a relatively low DC voltage supply connected between cathode 7 and anode ring 6. A suitable voltage lies within the range about 50 to 200 volts. The system of metallic rings 5 and insulator rings form a central passage 9, and in the downstream extension of said section 9 a plasma torch 14 will be formed under operation. Argon is injected into the central passage 9 at the cathode 7 as indicated by arrow a and provides a high gas flux into the vacuum at the outlet of the reactor 3. Monomeric gas is injected into the downstream end of central passage 9 as indicated at arrow b, and also at a location indicated with arrow c, wherein part of the monomeric gas is used for introducing powder to be treated into central passage 9. The location for the introduction of such powder is indicated by arrow d. The monomeric gas can also be injected into a middle section of the central passage, which is halfway downstream from the cathode. FIG. 1A. The powders can be injected into the middle section of the central passage. The sequence of monomer and powder can be reversed. Both monomeric gas and powder can be injected into the inner tube directly at a location 3-5 cm away from the downstream end of the central passage. Plasma generating apparatus 1 further comprises an upwardly extending outer tube 11 aligned with central passage 9 and having a centre axis aligned with that of central passage 9. At the upper end the outer tube 11 extends into a 180.degree. bend 15 passing over into a downwardly extending vertical position 17 of the tube. At a distance from the lower end of said vertical section 17 there is a branched side section 19 attached to a vacuum pump (not shown), the vacuum being created at arrow e. At the lower end of the vertical section 17 a discharge tube 21 is arranged for the discharge of treated powder. Said discharge tube 21 contains two axially spaced valves 23, 25 defining between same an intermediate space 27 for a purpose to be described further below. The treated powder will be discharged as indicated by arrow f. If desired, treated powder can be recirculated to the process (at arrow d) by discharge from space 27 via conduit 28 and associated valve 29. The coated powders collected in the intermediate space can be repeatedly treated after they are directed to the powder feeder by valve 29. The coated powder can also be coated with a different monomer if delivered to a different reactor system, where another monomeric gas is injected. The relevant dimensions of the set-up disclosed in FIG. 1 are as follows. The vertical part of the outer tube 11 has an inner diameter of about 15 cm and a vertical extension of about 125 cm. The inner diameter of inner tube 13 is about 5 cm and its vertical extension about 30 to 40 cm. The central passage 9 has a diameter of about 2 mm. The inner tube is placed to prevent a quick expansion of arc flame and also to prevent the coated powders to expand quickly. The tube also prevents the gas to create a scattered and circulating flow at the end of the central passage. The inner tube maintains an open central passage. Vacuum is created in the system using a 2-stage vacuum pump and the electrical power is delivered from a DC power supply, energy within the range about 300 to 2000 watts being applied. The embodiment shown in FIG. 2 operates largely along the same principles, but uses horizontal set-up. Corresponding details in the apparatus shown in FIG. 2 are designated with corresponding reference numerals as those of FIG. 1. In the apparatus shown in FIG. 2 the powder to be coated is supplied from a powder funnel 31 connected to the central passage by an inlet tube 33. The apparatus of FIG. 2 operates without an inner tube and the powder is removed through a discharge tube 35 connected to a corresponding valve arrangement as that described in connection with FIG. 1. Plasma generating apparatus 1 illustrated in FIG. 1 functions briefly as follows. Prior to starting the powder treatment the system is pumped down to a vacuum of for example about 11 torr. Argon gas is injected at a flow rate of about 2000 sccm (standard cubic centimeters), and methane as a monomeric gas is supplied at locations indicated by arrows b and c. At arrow c part of the methane gas is used for entraining the powder to be treated and supplied at arrow d. When reaching the central passage 9 the powder is confronted with the argon gas travelling below, about 360 m per sec. (FIG. 4). Thus, when entering the base of torch 14 created within the inner tube 13 any aggregates of particles will have been disintegrated by the flow or argon gas and in the plasma zone therefore each and every discreet particles will be uniformly coated by plasma polymerization. After leaving the inner tube the treated particles proceed further upwardly through the outer tube 11 and into the bend 15 and move further down the vertical section 17 of the tube where due to gravity the treated particles proceed further into the discharge tube 21. As a preparation for the discharge of the treated powder the intermediate space 27 will be set under a vacuum largely corresponding to that prevailing inside tube 11 During this operation both valves 23, 25 are in a closed position. After generating a vacuum in intermediate space 27 valve 23 is opened and the powder then enters space 27 by gravity. Valve 23 is then closed and valve 25 opened, whereby the treated powder will be discharged at arrow f for further use. The apparatus shown in FIG. 1 thus operates efficiently in a continuous manner, and in practical operation it has been found that large scale operation can be performed and powders of different kinds coated at a relatively low cost. This invention has made large scale operation possible for the first time while keeping the cost at a reasonable level. The embodiment shown in FIG. 2 operates essentially in the same manner as the embodiment of FIG. 1. The invention will now be further described by specific examples illustrating treatment of different types of powders. EXAMPLE 1 Coating of Iron Powder The apparatus described in connection with FIG. 1 was used in the experiment and the iron powder coated was a commercial iron powder having a particle size of the order of about 100 microns. The apparatus was operated within the operation range shown in FIG. 3, which is a diagram on pressure of argon versus flow rate. As can be seen from the diagram of FIG. 3 the inert gas flow rate varied between about 1000 and 2000 m per sec. corresponding to a pressure of between about 10 to 20 torr. This velocity results in efficient disintegration of any aggregates of particles in the powder supplied. The monomeric gas used for the plasma polymerization coating was methane, and the methane was supplied at a flow rate of about 200 sccm. In reaching the plasma torch region within inner tube 13 the iron powder particles were efficiently coated by plasma polymerization to improve the properties of the powder, and the treated particles were discharged at the location of arrow f. The flow characteristics of the treated iron powder were tested by recording the flow through a 0.5 mm capillary. The coated powder was used in quantities of 5, 7.5 and 10 g. FIG. 5 shows a diagram on flow-through time in seconds versus weight. When testing the flow characteristics of untreated iron powder it was noted that such untreated powder did not pass the capillary at all but rather clogged it up. The results of the flow test on treated iron powder clearly show the improvement in flow characteristics obtained by applying the techniques of the present invention. EXAMPLE 2 Coating of Aluminum Trihydrate In this example, aluminum trihydrate particles having a particle size of about 1 micron and a density of 2.42 g per cm.sup.3 were coated by plasma polymerization using the procedure outlined above and in Example 1. The coated aluminum trihydrate particles were tested for change in surface properties by immersing treated and untreated powder in a beaker filled with hexane. After repeated stirring of the contents of the beaker it is seen that the coated powder disperses in the medium, whereas the untreated powder remains in a bulk. When the settling time for the dispersed treated powder is measured a settling time of about 180 sec. was noted for the coated powder. The untreated powder almost did not disperse at all thus resulting in a very short settling time. Moreover, it was established by DSC (Differential Scanning Calorimetry) that the coated powder had not lost its water of hydration. EXAMPLE 3 Coating of Titanium Oxide The procedure of Example 1 was repeated but the powder used as titanium oxide, TiO.sub.2, having a particle size of the order of about 1 micron. As in Example 2, the coated titanium oxide particles had substantially improved dispersion characteristics as compared to the untreated powder particles. EXAMPLE 4 Coating of Zirconium Oxide Example 1 was repeated but using a zirconium oxide powder with particles having a particle size of the order of about 1 micron. As with titanium oxide of Example 3 the coated zirconium particles dispersed well in hexane, whereas untreated powder particles largely remained in bulk. EXAMPLE 5 Coating of Silicon Oxide Example 1 was repeated but using a silicon oxide powder with particles having a particle size of about 1 micron. The coated powder formed a suspension when mixed with hexane, but the uncoated powder remained in bulk at the bottom of the beaker. The principles, preferred embodiments and modes of operation of the present invention have been described in the foregoing application. The invention which is intended to be protected herein should not, however, be construed as limited to the particular forms disclosed, as these are to be regarded as illustrative rather than restrictive. Variations and changes may be made by those skilled in the art without departing from the spirit of the present invention. Accordingly, the foregoing detailed description should be considered exemplary in nature and not limited to the scope and spirit of the invention as set forth in the appended claims. 72 274775 19881123 01 4948485 BACKGROUND AND SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates to a process for the surface treatment of individual particles of a pulverulent material to improve the surface properties thereof. The invention also covers a plasma generating apparatus for use in such a process. An important aspect in modern technology is constituted by the modification of the surface properties of different materials. Such modification can be obtained by for example treatment by the application of active species to the surface or by applying a coating to the surface. In recent years much attention has been directed to developing technologies enabling surface treatment of powders of different kinds. Particularly, the treatment of fine-sized pulverulent materials is subject to severe problems when trying to obtain uniform treatment of the surface of each individual particle to improve or modify the properties thereof. One severe problem arising in connection with the surface treatment of pulverulent materials resides in the fact that the fine particles agglomerate to form clusters or aggregates, whereby the treatment will be inefficient and not reaching all exterior surfaces of the particles to be treated. Another problem resides in the fact that powders are difficult to handle in transportation due to dusting, irregularities in flow, fluidization, etc. Different techniques have been developed for the purpose of improving the properties of powders of different kinds, and among such technologies there may be mentioned improvement in flow in iron or steel powder technology by admixing organic lubricants, and the treatment of organic pigments for the purpose of imparting a polarity to the surfaces of the particles thereof. Thus, U.S. Pat. No. 4,478,643 describes techniques for low temperature plasma treatment of organic pigments to obtain such polarity. However, all technologies hitherto developed are subject to drawbacks, mainly due to the fact that they do not permit uniform modification of the surface properties of the particles treated mainly due to agglomeration phenomena. Moreover, the technologies devised up to now do not permit treatment of different types of powders and known techniques are specifically directed to the treatment of specific materials. The present invention has for its main object to provide new techniques for the surface treatment of pulverulent materials. Another object of the invention is to provide a process for the surface treatment of the individual particles of a pulverulent material to improve the surface properties thereof. Another object of the invention is to provide techniques using a low temperature plasma flame in the treatment of the individual particles of a pulverulent material. Yet another object of the invention is to provide techniques enabling efficient surface treatment of powder particles irrespective of the material on which said powder is based. The present invention is based on the surprising discovery that if the pulverulent material to be treated is injected into an inert gas used for generating the low temperature plasma flame efficient disintegration of any agglomerated particles present in the material will be obtained if the inert gas is travelling at a high velocity when contacted by the pulverulent material. High disintegrating efficiency will be obtained if the inert gas travels at a high drift velocity and uniform surface treatment will be obtained by using such techniques. Accordingly, the present invention provides a process for the surface treatment of individual particles of a pulverulent material to improve the surface properties thereof. The process is comprised by the following steps: a) generating a plasma in a plasmagenerator while supplying an inert gas at a high velocity into said generator to form a low temperature plasma flame which is directed into a low pressure zone; b) injecting the pulverulent material into said high velocity inert gas or into the base of said plasma flame to disintegrate any particle aggregate present in said material; c) allowing the low temperature plasma to act on the surface of each individual particle to improve the properties thereof; and d) recovering the treated particles from said zone. According to one aspect of the invention, powders can be treated for modifying the surface properties thereof by treatment with non-polymer forming gases, such as ammonia, oxygen, water vapor, etc. According to a particularly preferred embodiment of the process of the present invention the surface treatment involves the formation of a uniform surface coating on each individual particle using plasma polymerization. In obtaining such coating step b) above is accompanied by the step of injecting a monomeric gas into the inert gas at a first location upstream of the plasma flame. Such monomeric gas may be constituted by one or more monomers. As indicated above, efficient and uniform surface treatment of the individual particles of the pulverulent material will be obtained if the drift velocity of the inert gas used to form a low temperature plasma flame is high and exceeds about 100 m/sec. Thus, it is preferred that the inert gas drift velocity is higher than about 100 m/sec., such as higher than about 200 m/sec. and especially higher than about 300 m/sec. Drift velocity is calculated according to the formula: ##EQU1## where F is the flow rate of the gas, A is the cross-section of the flow passage and P is the pressure. It can be seen from said formula that the lower the pressure, the higher the velocity. Although the process can be performed using any type of low temperature plasma generator a preferred type of generator is a so called cascade arc plasma torch generator. For details concerning such apparatus reference is made to co-pending U.S. patent application Ser. No. 274,775, the disclosure of which is incorporated herein by reference. When using plasma polymerization to form a uniform surface coating on each individual particle it is preferred to supply the pulverulent material at a location which is downstream of the location at which the monomeric gas is supplied. According to another aspect of the invention the pulverulent material may be entrained in the monomeric gas supplied or in a part thereof. As indicated earlier in this disclosure the process of the present invention is unique in that it allows efficient surface treatment of the individual particles of a pulverulent material irrespective of the material subject to treatment. Thus, the pulverulent material may be constituted by metal or metal alloy powders, metal compound powders, organic powders or ceramic powders. Particularly interesting materials are iron or steel powders used in metal powder technology, and metal oxides. Another interesting group of materials are organic or inorganic pigments. A third group of materials are metal oxides, such as titanium oxide or zirconium oxide, where titanium oxide is of interest when used dispersed in polymeric materials to allow for determination of location using X-ray techniques. A further group is constituted by hard metals, such as tungsten and titanium carbides. Further materials are aluminum powders, aluminum hydrate powders used for flame retardation for dispersion in polymers, SiO.sub.2 for example used as a filler, etc. The monomeric gas used if plasma polymerization is applied may be constituted by hydrocarbons and halogenated hydrocarbons, silanes, organosilanes and organometallic compounds, optionally together with hydrogen, H.sub.2 O or chemically reactive gases. Examples of organometallic compounds are tetramethyl tin and di-ethyl zinc. For details concerning such monomeric gas reference is made to the above-mentioned co-pending U.S. patent application. The invention also covers a plasma-generating apparatus for use in the low temperature plasma treatment of the surface of the individual particles of pulverulent materials. Such apparatus comprises means for generating a vacuum zone and, in association therewith, a plasma generator having a central passage therethrough opening into said vacuum zone. The apparatus includes means for introducing an inert gas into said passage and is characterized by powder inlet means for introducing a pulverulent material to be treated into said passage and by discharge means for removing treated material from the vacuum zone. To maintain an efficient vacuum in the vacuum zone it is preferred that the discharge means are designed as lock means for intermittent discharge of treated pulverulent material. In accordance with a preferred aspect of the invention the plasma-generating apparatus further comprises inlet means located upstream of the powder inlet means for introducing monomeric gas enabling plasma polymerization for the purpose of forming a uniform surface coating on each individual particle in the vacuum zone. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The present invention will be further illustrated below by specific examples with reference to the appended drawings. In the drawing: FIG. 1 shows a plasma-generating apparatus using a vertical setup; FIG. 2 shows another embodiment of plasma-generating apparatus using a horizontal setup, the pulverulent material being supplied by gravity; FIG. 3 shows a diagram on pressure or argon versus flow rate; FIG. 4 shows a diagram on drift velocity versus flow rate; and FIG. 5 shows a diagram on flow characteristics of coated iron powder.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A process for the surface treatment of individual particles of a pulverulent material for improving surface properties thereof, comprising the steps of: a) generating a plasma in a plasmagenerator while supplying an inert gas into said generator to form a plasma flame which is directed into a zone; b) injecting the pulverulent material into one of said inert gas and a base of said plasma flame to disintegrate any particle aggregate present in said pulverulent material; c) injecting a monomeric gas into the inert gas at a first location upstream of said plasma flame, thereby allowing plasma polymerization to form a surface coating on each individual particle; d) allowing the plasma flame to act on the surface of each individual particle; and e) recovering the individual particles from said zone. 2. 2. A process according to claim 1, wherein the inert gas has a drift velocity that is higher than about 100 m/sec. 3. 3. A process according to claim 1, wherein the inert gas has a drift velocity that is higher than about 200 m/sec. 4. 4. A process according to claim 1, wherein the plasmagenerator is a cascade arc plasma torch generator. 5. 5. A process according to claim 1, wherein the pulverulent material is introduced into the inert gas at a second location downstream of said first location. 6. 6. A process according to claim 1, wherein the pulverulent material is selected from the group consisting of metal and metal alloy powders, metal compound powders, organic material powders and ceramic powders. 7. 7. A process according to claim 6, wherein said metal alloy powder is an iron powder. 8. 8. A process according to claim 6, wherein said pulverulent material is a metal oxide. 9. 9. A process according to claim 1, wherein said monomeric gas contains at least one monomer selected from the group consisting of hydrocarbons and halogenated hydrocarbons, silanes, organosilanes and organometallic compounds. 10. 10. a process according to claim 9, wherein a member of said group is combined with hydrogen. 11. 11. A process according to claim 1, wherein the zone has a pressure that is less than about 100 Torr. 12. 12. A process according to claim 5, wherein said monomeric gas contains at least one monomer selected from the group consisting of hydrocarbons and halogenated hydrocarbons, silanes, organosilanes and organometallic compounds. 13. 13. The process according to claim 1, wherein: the inert gas is supplied at a drift velocity that is greater than 100 m/sec; and the zone has a pressure that is less than about 100 Torr. 14. 14. The process according to claim 1, wherein the plasma polymerization forms a uniform surface coating on each individual particle.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176939</DOCNO><APP-NO>794782</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19911118</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176939</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B41M  3/12</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>427146</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>8903055	19890210	GB</PRIORITY><CITATION>4331718/19820500	4588762/19860500	4684557/19870800</CITATION><INVENTOR>Shepherd; John V.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Esselte Pendaflex Corporation</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Method of manufacturing discontinuous pattern on a support material</TITLE><ABST>Discontinuous transferable adhesive layers have been proposed for manufacture by printing or by coating and subsequent stripping of a matrix to leave a plurality of individual areas of adhesive. Such processes are slow and difficult to effect leading to increased cost. According to the invention, a coating composition is continuously coated on to a release substrate, the composition and drying thereof being selected that, at the end of drying, the adhesive composition is present as a plurality of discrete areas. This may be effected, e.g. by coating an emulsion and drying down appropriately.</ABST><SPEC>EXAMPLE 1 A coating emulsion was made up of the following composition (parts by weight): ______________________________________ Acrylic ester copolymer emulsion 30 parts (Revecryl 396 ex Harlow Chemicals) Water 10 parts Hydrocarbon solvent 20 parts (Exsol 145/160 ex Esso Chemicals) ______________________________________ This emulsion was made by first diluting the acrylic emulsion with the water using a planetary mixer. After 10 minutes mixing, the hydrocarbon solvent was added, 5 parts at a time, using the slowest speed compatible with the incorporation of the solvent. After all the solvent had been absorbed, stirring was continued for a further 15 minutes. The resulting mixture was then coated onto a web of differential release paper (Quicklease 40/804 ex Jointine Ltd). The coating was applied using a Meyer bar (size 8, wire diameter 0.2 mm) at a speed of about 10 m/min. After drying at 90.degree. C. for 5 minutes the coating was found to have broken up into a random pattern of discontinuous adhesive segments generally less than 2 mm across at their maximum dimension and separated by gaps of less than 1 mm. The adhesive could be picked up by an applied piece of card using pressure and no shearing of the adhesive was observed, whilst each segment of the adhesive was removed cleanly, when the card was lifted from the substrate. The card holding the adhesive adhered firmly to artwork but could be removed and repositioned as necessary and any adhesive left behind on the artwork could be removed by rubbing it off. Additional layers of adhesive could be picked up onto the card prior to adhering the card in position. The adhesive transfer to the card could be achieved either way up, i.e. pressing the card onto the adhesive pattern or placing the release paper, adhesive side down, on to the card, pressing down, and peeling away. EXAMPLE 2 A coating composition was made up of the following components (parts by weight): ______________________________________ Acrylic copolymer emulsion (Crodafix 27-017 80 parts ex Croda Adhesives Ltd.) Styrene butadiene acrylonitrile copolymer 20 parts emulsion (Revinex 34D10 ex Doverstrand Ltd.) Silicone adhesive solution (2.2% by weight 66 parts solution of DC 282 ex Dow Corning Ltd in hydrocarbon solvent (Exsol 145/160)) Water 33 parts ______________________________________ The two copolymer emulsions were mixed together for 10 minutes using a planetary stirrer. The silicone solution was then added and the mixture was stirred for a further 45 minutes. Finally, the mixture was diluted with the water. 45 Gsm white greaseproof paper (ex Union Paper Co Ltd) was coated with the mixture using an 8 Bar at 10 m/min. The coating was dried at 90.degree. C. for 5 minutes. The resultant web was sheeted, stacked, and left for 24 hours. On inspection of the stack, it was found that there was little tendency for the coating to offset onto the back of similar sheets, it being preferentially held to the coated side by the silicone adhesive. EXAMPLE 3 A coating emulsion was made up of the following composition (parts by weight): ______________________________________ (Revacryl 491 high tack/adhesion acrylic 80 parts pressure sensitive adhesive emulsion ex Harlow Chemicals) Styrene butadiene acrylonitrile copolymer 20 parts emulsion (as in Example 2) Colouring agent (30% Monastral Blue BG (ex 0.1 parts ICI) in 6% Gelvatol 40-20 polyvinyl alcohol (ex Monsanto) solution Silicone adhesive solution (3.1% by weight 66 parts solution of DC 282 ex Dow Corning in Exsol 145/160) Water 41.5 parts ______________________________________ The emulsions and the colouring agent were mixed together until homogeneous using a paddle stirrer. The silicone adhesive solution was added while continuing stirring with the paddle stirrer and stirring continued until all the solution had been incorporated. The water was added while sturring to dilute the mixture to its coating viscosity. 41 gsm white siliconised greaseproof paper (ex Union Paper Co Ltd) was coated with the mixture using a 10 meyer bar at around 10 m/min and dried at 60.degree. C. for 10 minutes. The resultant adhesive when picked up on to card or paper in the way previously described had a higher degree of surface tack, higher adhesion to surfaces and was more permanent than that of Examples 1 and 2. 71 477650 19900209 FIELD OF INVENTION This invention relates to transfer adhesives. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION It is known to use adhesives to prepare artwork for photography or client approval by sticking the various components such as photographs, headlines, etc. into their desired positions on a layout board. The adhesives used in this application should be simple to use allowing the components to be re-positioned as desired but providing sufficient adhesion between the components and the layout board so that the components do not come off during handling. Furthermore, the adhesive should be easily cleaned off the layout board without leaving a stain when a component has been initially deposited in an incorrect position. Solvent based rubber adhesives have been used for this purpose but they are messy and difficult to spread uniformly over a surface. Water based adhesives are also messy and produce the additional problem of paper curl. Spray adhesives require spray areas and adequate ventilation when being applied. Hot melt and thermal adhesives require special applicators, the applicator for the former being expensive and its use involving a time-delay in which the adhesive is heated up. In the latter case, the artwork components cannot be repositioned. Transfer adhesives have been proposed which overcome the above problems. In these adhesives, an adhesive coating is applied to a release substrate and then a protective cover sheet is applied to the coating to form a transfer sheet. In use, an area corresponding to the size of the component to be adhered is cut out from the sheet, the cover sheet removed and the adhesive is pressed onto the surface of the component. The substrate is then removed leaving the component with an adhesive layer. However, problems may be encountered if the adhesive is not correctly positioned relative to the component surface and not correctly cut to size. If the adhesive is too small and/or incorrectly positioned, edges or corners may be left with no adhesive and will be prone to lifting. Alternatively, the cover sheet can be removed, the component placed in contact with the exposed adhesive, and then the component and its adhesive are separated from the remainder of the adhesive sheet by cutting around the edge of the component. This is problematic as the cutting has to be done with the adhesive exposed, which can be messy and the adhesive may not be correctly applied. One approach to overcome the problems mentioned associated with the use of transfer adhesive sheets is to make the adhesive coating shearable. In such an arrangement, the component is pressed on to the adhesive once the cover sheet has been removed and as the component is pulled away, the adhesive shears to provide the surface of the component with a complete covering of adhesive which extends to the edges of the component. However, the additives which have to be used to make the adhesive shearable, for example, silica, tend to reduce the cohesiveness and tack of the adhesive. This results in the adhesive smearing instead of being removed when the component to which it is adhered is deposited initially in the wrong position and has to be repositioned. British Patent Specification 1384423 discloses a further approach to overcome the problems mentioned above. In this document, substantially non-contiguous adhesive segments are disclosed which are formed on a release substrate, the adhesivity between each segment and the substrate being less than the adhesivity between the segment and the surface to which it is to be affixed. As each segment is substantially non-contiguous with adjacent segments, a surface pressed on to the adhesive coating will only pick up adhesive on that surface and each segment will be easily separated from any other. Adhesive transfer sheets according to British Patent Specification 1384423 can be produced by printing. However, in order to form an eventual strong adhesive bond (supplying sufficient adhesive) it is necessary to form a coarse pattern of the adhesive segments. This makes such transfer sheets unsuitable for use in adhering small items, for example a single line of 6 point type being stripped into text. Furthermore, printing processes which are used to produce such transfer sheets are both slow and expensive when compared with web coating processes. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION According to the present invention, there is provided a method of manufacturing a discontinuous adhesive product consisting of a substrate having a release surface and a plurality of areas of adhesive composition distributed on the surface, each such area being removable from the surface by the application of a receptor to the exposed faces of the individual areas of adhesive composition and peeling apart the receptor and release surfaced substrate, the areas of adhesive composition adhering, preferentially, to the receptor, which method comprises applying a coating composition to the release surface in liquid form, and drying the liquid coating composition to semi-solid form, the composition and drying conditions being so selected that, during drying, the continuous layer of coating composition breaks up into a plurality of discrete areas. It has been found that this method enables a discontinuous adhesive pattern covering a release substrate to be formed easily and without the disadvantages associated with the printing or coating and stripping systems proposed in British Patent 1384423. In order to carry out the process of the invention, care must be taken to formulate the coating composition to ensure that, after coating on to the substrate, it breaks up to discontinuous form. A preferred way of achieving this is to formulate the adhesive as a conventional water based polymer emulsion and then further emulsify this with an immiscible hydrocarbon solvent. When such a double emulsion is coated onto a water-repelling release surface and then dried, a discontinuous layer of adhesive polymer in a fine pattern results. The size of the pattern is determined by the size of the hydrocarbon droplets and competition for the release surface. The adhesive polymer has a cohesive strength and enough tack to make it adequately adhesive for the purpose intended. Acrylic polymers are particularly suitable and silicone release surfaces are preferred. The tack/adhesion of the final discontinuous layer can be adjusted by changing the acrylic polymer emulsion from which it is made. Similarly, it can be influenced by the dry coat weight, and by the dot size and distribution of the dried adhesive. This itself is influenced by the concentration of the hydrocarbon solvent and the application viscosity of the applied adhesive. It may be convenient to blend the acrylic or similar pressure sensitive aqueous emulsion with an aqueous polymer emulsion of high cohesive strength, e.g. a styrene butadiene acrylonitrile copolymer. This high cohesive strength polymer increases the overall cohesive strength of the final adhesive significantly. This allows for the easy removal of the adhesive from the surface of the card after use, by rubbing with a finger or eraser, by causing the adhesive to "ball up" on rubbing. It also reduces the risk of contamination on repositioning or on subsequent removal of the adhesive. It may also be convenient to colour the discontinuous adhesive layer so that the user can ascertain whether the adhesive has been picked up from the silicone release surface, determine what areas of adhesive on the release surface have been used and to show up any areas of contamination during use so that they can be easily removed. This can be simply achieved by the use of aqueous dyes or aqueous pigment dispersions. Care should be taken not to use too high a level of colourant or else "show through" of the adhesive will occur when used on thin substrates. As noted in British Patent 1384423, it is convenient to be able to roll up or stack the adhesive material, and in order for this to be done, the adhesion between the individual areas of adhesive and the back of the release coated substrate must be less than the adhesion between them and the front of that substrate. British Patent 1384423 suggests using a substrate with differential release properties on its two sides. This may be done in practising the present invention, with the emulsion being applied on the less releasing side. However, an alternative approach is to incorporate a small quantity of a silicone adhesive into the coating emulsion to "key" the adhesive polymer onto the release surface. This reduces the amount of set-off onto the back of a release substrate having the same release properties on both sides. Without this "keying" mechanism, there would be considerably more set-off when the substrate is rolled up or when sheets are pressed together in pad form. Obviously, the "keying" should not be overdone, otherwise the adhesive will not release adequately from the substrate when in use. The following Examples will serve to illustrate the invention. </SPEC><CLAIM>I claim: 1. 1. In a method of manufacturing a discontinuous adhesive product consisting of a substrate having a release surface and a plurality of areas of adhesive composition distributed on the surface, each such area being removable from the surface by the application of a receptor to the exposed faces of the individual areas of adhesive composition and peeling apart the receptor and release surfaced substrate, the areas of adhesive composition adhering, preferentially, to the receptor, which method comprises applying a continuous layer of liquid coating composition to the release surface in liquid form, and drying the liquid coating composition to semi-solid form, the improvement comprising selecting the adhesive composition such that, during drying, the continuous layer of coating composition breaks up into a plurality of discrete areas. 2. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the coating composition is an emulsion consisting of an aqueous continuous phase and a discontinuous phase of a polymeric adhesive composition. 3. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the emulsion includes a second discontinuous phase of an immiscible solvent. 4. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein the adhesive composition includes a proportion of an aqueous emulsion of a high adhesive strength polymer. 5. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the release surfaced substrate is release coated on both sides, one release coat having greater release properties than the other. 6. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the release surfaced substrate has surfaces of substantially identical release properties on each of its sides and wherein the coating composition comprises a keying agent adapted during drying to key the areas of adhesive composition to the side of the release surfaced substrate to which the coating composition is applied more strongly than the exposed surfaces of the resulting discontinuous areas adhered to the other side of the release surface substrate. 7. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the keying agent is a silicone adhesive. 8. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein a proportion of a dye or pigment sufficient to color the adhesive composition is incorporated in said adhesive. 9. 9. A method of making a discontinuous adhesive product comprising: a) providing a substrate having a release surface; b) selecting a double-emulsion coating composition comprising an aqueous continuous phase, a first discontinuous phase of an acrylic polymer adhesive composition, and a second discontinuous phase of an immiscible hydrocarbon solvent, wherein said adhesive composition in semi-solid form is removable from the release surface by the application of a receptor to the adhesive composition and adherent to the receptor; c) applying a continuous liquid layer of said coating composition to the release surface; and d) drying the coating composition to semi-solid form, wherein during said drying step the continuous liquid layer of said coating composition breaks up in to a plurality of discrete areas of said adhesive composition distributed on the release surface.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176940</DOCNO><APP-NO>650772</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910205</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176940</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B05D  1/36</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>427202</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>890953	19890228	FI</PRIORITY><CITATION>2411724/19461100	3009209/19611100	3475803/19691100	3539671/19701100	3707751/19730100	3988817/19761100	4083092/19780400	4484982/19841100	4594068/19860600	4929294/19900500</CITATION><INVENTOR>Salo; Jukka<tab>Lehtonen; Pentti</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Valmet Paper Machinery Inc.</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Method for forming a coated roll</TITLE><ABST>The invention concerns a roll or cylinder or roll coating for a pulp machine, paper machine, or paper finishing machine, in which application the roll or equivalent comprises a cylinder mantle of cast iron or steel or any other, equivalent metal, which bears the mechanical loads. On the rollor cylinder mantle, fixed to the outer face of the frame mantle, there is a resilient polymer coating, and onto said polymer coating a coating is fixed which is by several orders thinner than the radial thickness of the polymer coating. Said coating fixed onto the outer face of the polymer coating is a metal, ceramic, or cermet coating or a plastic coating. The invention further concerns a method for the manufacture of a roll coating in accordance with the invention as well as the use of such rolls and coatings.</ABST><SPEC>DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS FIG. 1 is a sectional view of a coating of a roll in accordance with the invention. Onto a roll frame 4 made of materials known in prior art a resilient polymer base coating 3 which attenuates oscillations has been formed, said coating 3 being covered by a further, second coating 7, which is, e.g., harder and wear-resistant. The outer coating 7 has, e.g., wear-resistant properties and, moreover, its friction properties and detaching properties can be regulated to make them suitable in a way known in the prior art. FIG. 2 shows a second version of a roll in accordance with the invention. This version is used as a grooved roll, and its polymer coating 3 has been grooved in accordance with FIG. 2, the projecting parts in said coating being covered with a hard coating 7. FIG. 3 illustrates the principle of rotation casting: In rotation casting the roll to be coated is rotated at a certain speed in a horizontal position. The polymer casting head is fed in the axial direction of the roll at a certain speed. The position of the nozzle in the casting head is located precisely by means of the movements x, y and z. The liquid polymer flows through the nozzle in the casting head onto the roll face, and hereby the roll is coated. FIG. 4 illustrates a carrier-roll slitter, which is one field of application of the invention. FIG. 5 shows a press section, whose various rolls may constitute applications of the invention. In FIG. 5 the paper web entering into the press is denoted with W.sub.in and the web leaving the press with W.sub.out. In the press the paper web runs through a few nips consisting of different rolls, water being removed out of the web in said nips. The reference numerals 8 and 13 denote the lower press rolls and the numerals 11 and 12 the upper press rolls. The reference numeral 10 denotes the center roll 10 in the press, and the reference numeral 9 a central suction roll, the latter rolls being important applications of the invention. In the following the patent claims will be given, whereby the details of the invention may show variation within the scope of the inventive idea defined in said claims. 74 481881 19900220 01 5023985 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION The invention concerns a roll or cylinder or roll coating for a pulp machine, paper machine, or paper finishing machine, said roll or cylinder comprising a cylinder mantle of cast iron or steel or any other, equivalent metal, which bears the mechanical loads, as well as a method for the manufacture of the roll or coating and the use of such a roll or coating. Coated rolls are used in paper machines and paper finishing machines in highly varying applications. As examples of such applications should be mentioned press rolls, suction rolls, soft rolls of calenders and supercalenders, and the equivalent. In different applications and in different processes, different quality requirements are imposed on the roll coating. Usual quality factors of a coating are, among other things, hardness at a certain temperature, resistance to temperature, resistance to compression, chemical strength, smoothness of its face, resistance to mechanical damage, elasticity, surface energy, electrical conductivity, and resistance to aging. Thus, more specifically, what is required from paper machine rolls and mainly from roll coatings are surface properties such a hardness/wear resistance, e.g., in the case of G-rolls and calender rolls, resilient surface, nip and oscillation properties, e.g., in the case of soft-faced press rolls, friction properties, e.g., in the case of paper guide rolls and central rolls, and resistance to corrosion, e.g., in the case of all rolls in the wet end. The soft coatings on rolls are usually made of organic polymers or mixtures of these polymers which frequently also contain inorganic elements. The soft coatings on rolls are frequently composite constructions, which comprise layers made of different materials. A problem, e.g., in the case of supercalenders is the poor resistance to heat of coatings made of natural fibers, whereby the high surface temperature of a metal-faced roll, which is advantageous in view of the calendering result, cannot be utilized to the full extent. An increased temperature also restricts an increasing of the compression pressure in calender nips. The roll face is readily damaged in operation. On the other hand, synthetic materials are highly expensive, and limiting factors in the choice of synthetic materials include resistance to heat, hardness, elasticity, and properties of surface energy. Traditionally attempts have been made to modify the coating properties of polymer-coated rolls by inserting into the coating mixing various additives and fillers. By means of such mixing, attempts have been mostly made to modify/improve properties of the polymer such as cost, wear resistance, resistance to corrosion, thermal conductivity, stiffness, properties of detaching, friction, properties of hysteresis, etc. As one of the problems associated with the mixing it should be mentioned that, when a polymer material is mixed to modify some property, at the same time some other property important for the operation deteriorates. For example, there is a polymer material which operates very well in view of the operation of a press roll, which means that the nip width is good, there are no problems in respect to hysteresis heat, the running quality is good, the adhesion to the metal frame is good, and, moreover, it endures surface pressures and attenuates oscillations, but a residual problem is that the wear resistance is not sufficiently good. In traditional methods, to improve the wear resistance hard, finely divided particles which increase the wear resistance are mixed into the polymer. This mixing increases the wear resistance of the coating, but at the same time it deteriorates properties vital for the press roll, and, as a result, the nip width is reduced, the ability to attenuate oscillations is lowered, the adhesion to the metal frame becomes weaker, the running quality suffers, and in some cases also the resistance to corrosion is reduced. In the worst cases, the final result may be an unusable roll. Generally speaking, in respect of the prior art regarding the technique of mixed coatings, the Applicant's FI Patent 72,073 is mentioned, wherein a press roll is described whose surface layer is composed of a mixture of a metal powder and an inorganic material. The function of the metal is to act as a binder agent and to increase the toughness of the roll coating, and the function of the inorganic material is to provide a wear-resistant surface of suitable surface energy, because the surface energy of the roll must be within certain limits in order that the detaching of the paper web from the face of the press roll should be controlled. The Applicant's FI Pat. Appl. No. 853544 is of a type similar to that mentioned above. As prior art, reference is also made to the Applicant's FI Pat. Appl. No. 882006, wherein the coating is composed of a powder which consists of carbide-rich powder and of matrix powder. In the prior art, various multi-layer constructions of rolls and processes for their manufacture are also known. As an example should be mentioned the FI Patent No. 66,667 (Eduard Kusters), wherein, on the roll core, there are a number of rings made of steel in the axial direction, and onto the cylinder core an inner layer and an outer layer have been fixed, which are surrounded from the outside by said rings. A layer construction is also known from the FI Patent No. 55,457 (Beloit Corporation), wherein a combination roll is described, which comprises three concentric roll mantles made as separate casts, a metallurgical bond being provided between said roll mantles. Also, from the FI Pat. Appl. No. 880592 a roll is known which is provided with a multi-layer coating. One polymer coating and a method for its manufacture are known from the FI Pat. Appl. No. 854748. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The subject of the present invention is a roll which has an unusually high number of the properties mentioned above. More specifically, the object of the present invention is a roll which has the good properties both of a polymer roll and of a wear-resistant roll. In view of achieving the objectives stated above, the method in accordance with the invention is characterized in that on the roll or cylinder mantle, there is a combination of the following layers permanently fixed to one another in the following sequence in the radial direction starting from the inside: 1) a resilient polymer coating fixed onto the outer face of said frame mantle and 2) a coating fixed onto the outer face of said polymer coating, which is by several orders thinner than the radial thickness of the polymer coating. Also, the method in accordance with the invention is characterized in that the method of application of the polymer coating fixed onto the outer face of the frame is mold casting, rotation casting, submerging, spraying, extruxion, centrifugal coating, lamination, electrocoating, fluidized coating, lining, or filament winding, and the method of application of the coating fixed onto the outer face of the polymer coating is thermal spraying, grain blowing, or sprinkling, intensified by heating if necessary, or a method of application of polymer coating mentioned above. Thus, in the invention a roll of a pulp, paper finishing or paper machine which is polymer-coated is coated with a further, second coating, which is a metal, ceramic or cermet coating with a view to obtaining or improving wear resistance, or, for example, a plastic coating when it is desirable to combine properties of different polymers. In this way, the roll may be provided both with the ability to attenuate the oscillations of an organic coating and with the wear resistance of a metal/ceramic coating. By means of a coating in accordance with the invention, for example, combinations of properties as follows are strived for. A resilient base coating that attenuates oscillations and on which there is a wear-resistant surface has adjustable friction properties and is provided with particular detaching properties. In said example, in which a polymer material was known which operated well in view of the operation of a press roll but which had the problem of poor wear resistance, according to the invention, the coating is manufactured so that the polymer whose nip properties are known to be good is chosen as the resilient coating. Onto this polymer, a thin ceramic and hard (higher than 2000 HV) coating layer is applied to improve the wear resistance. Since the ceramic material is not mixed with the polymer, properly speaking, but forms a hard and wear-resistant layer on its surface, the properties of the polymer are not changed. The wear resistance of the surface is, however, improved in accordance with the objective. The polymer coating material is some polymer, such as thermoplastic or thermosetting plastic, rubber, thermoplastic rubber, or elastomer. The metal coating may be, e.g., stainless steel, tool steel, molybdenum nickel, cobalt, tungsten, chromium, or an alloy thereof. The ceramic coating may be an oxide, carbide, nitride, boride, titanate or silicate, or a mixture thereof. The cermet coating may be, e.g., a mixture of the ceramic materials and metals mentioned above. The second plastic coating may be a thermoplastic or theremosetting plastic, rubber, thermoplastic rubber, elastomer, or reinforced plastic. In accordance with the various properties strived for, coatings of different thicknesses and different materials are required for a roll, so that the above list is not restrictive, but the basic starting point is, however, always a resilient base material which is manufactured by means of methods that will be described in the following and which said base material is covered by a second, hard coating. The thickness of the polymer layer may be within a range of 2 to 35 mm, typically about 10 mm, and the thickness of the hard coating within a range of 1 .mu.m to 150 .mu.m, depending on the particle size, which is within a range of 1 to 100 .mu.m, typically 20 .mu.m. Different properties are important in different applications, for example surface energy in a center roll and friction properties and smoothness in other applications, such as calender rolls or the carrier roll of a slitter. The roughness of the face is within the range of Ra=0.1 to 20 .mu.m, being about 5 .mu.m when friction and roughness are desired and 1 .mu.m. When wear resistance is desired. One embodiment of the invention is a roll in which the outer coating is not continuous but is shaped so that it permits resilience of the underlying polymer layer. This is accomplished, e.g., by means of a so-called "scale coating", wherein, when the polymer layer yields, the non-continuous portions in the, e.g., hard outer face behave like scales and overlap each other partly, thereby permitting deformations of the polymer coating. As materials of the roll frame it is possible to use roll frame materials known in the prior art, such as steel, cast iron, etc. The method of application of the polymer coating may be mold casting, rotation casting, submerging, spraying, extrusion, centrifugal casting, lamination, electrocoating, fluidized coating, or lining. The method of application of the hard outer coating may be thermal spraying, grain blowing, or sprinkling, which has been intensified by heating if necessary. As the method, it is also possible to use a method of application of the polymer coating mentioned above, for example a layer of reinforced plastic applied onto the resilient elastomer coating (filament winding). An application of the invention may be, e.g., a Sym-roll for a press, comprising grooved polyurethane which has been cast and coated with tungsten carbide applied as hypersonic flame spraying. Further applications of the invention include a suction roll, whose coating may be grooved, perforated or blind-drilled, or a center roll, a breast roll, traction rolls (in which the friction properties are important), pick-up-suction rolls, return rolls, paper alignment rolls, felt and wire alignment rolls, Sym-roll, center roll, etc. Other fields of application are rolls in coating devices, spreader rolls, rolls in the drying section, calender rolls, reeler rolls, and Pope cylinder. When a roll in accordance with the invention is being manufactured, the inner polymer coating and the outer coating are preferably made at the same time, e.g., by means of two separate nozzles, and thereby the coating is completed in one step. As an example will be described the coating of a carrier roll for a slitter. A property to be required from a carrier roll in a slitter is adequate friction for the paper roll. As a rule, the jumbo roll produced from a paper machine has been formed as follows: When paper is reeled onto the reeling drum, the reeling tension varies as a function of the nip pressure between the reeling cylinder and the reeling drum. When such a roll, which has been formed with different reeling tensions, enters into nip contact with another roll/ rolls by means of its own weight, the nip becomes uneven, i.e. the roll is supported only at some portions, there are different nip pressures in the axial direction, and the reeling tensions are varying. If the carrier roll has a soft face, the roll "sits" better in the nip. In the prior art this has been arranged by means of thermal spraying, applying a hard coating layer onto the face of a metal roll and by allowing said layer to remain unground so as to obtain sufficient coarseness of the face. According to the present invention, said carrier roll is coated, by means of a method which will be described in more detail below, e.g., so that polyurethane is chosen as the polymer coating material and rotation casting is chosen as the process of manufacture. SiC (silicon carbide) is chosen as the hard outer coating layer, and sprinkling through a nozzle is chosen as the process of manufacture. Both layers of the entire coating structure are completed at the same time. In the prior-art rotation casting method the polymer casting nozzle moves in the axial direction of the roll at a certain speed while the roll revolves. The polymer-casting nozzle is followed by a second nozzle, through which the hard particles are run at a certain flow rate. By means of the flow rate it is possible to regulate the amount of hard particles in the surface, by means of the particle size the roughness of the surface, by means of specific weight the depth of penetration of the hard particles into the polyurethane. The depth of penetration can also be regulated by means of pressure of the hard particles and/or by means of their pre-heating or after-heating (e.g. induction). By means of the technique in accordance with the invention, it is also possible to manufacture a hard-coated polymer-faced grooved roll. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS In the following, the invention will be described in more detail by means of figures, which are not supposed to restrict the invention. FIG. 1 is a sectional view of a first embodiment of the invention. FIG. 2 is a sectional view of a second embodiment of the invention. FIG. 3 illustrates a coating process. FIG. 4 illustrates an application of the invention. FIG. 5 illustrates a second application of the invention.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. A method for the preparation of a roll cylinder or roll coating comprising a resilient polymer coating and another coating of a harder and more wear-resistance coating than said resilient polymer coating, said coating being radially outside of and integral with an outside of said resilient polymer coating, said method comprising the steps of: applying a resilient polymer coating selected from the group consisting of thermoplastics, rubber, thermoplastic rubber, elastomers, and mixtures thereof onto an outer surface of a revolving frame mantle via a first nozzle; applying particles to said outside surface of said resilient polymer coating to obtain a wear resistant coating as a one-step process via a second nozzle which follows said first nozzle in the direction of rotation of said frame mantle, said particles selected from the group consisting of a metal, a ceramic, a cermet, a plastic, and mixtures thereof, controlling the flow rate of said particles such that a smooth outer surface is formed on said frame mantle and regulating the texture of the outer surface of the roll via the size of said particles. 2. 2. A method for manufacturing a coating for a carrier roll of a slitter, said method comprising these types of forming a polyurethane casting onto a frame of said carrier roll by rotation casting by feeding the casting through a first nozzle while the roll is rotated to provide a resilient base coat adapted to attenuate oscillations in the roll; forming a wear-resistant coating on an outer surface of said polyurethane coating by sprinkling silicon carbide particles via a second nozzle; regulating the depth of penetration of the silicon carbide particles into the polyurethane coating via adjusting the specific weight of the silicon carbide particles used such that the coated roll has a smooth, outer surface; regulating the texture of the outer surface of the coating by adjusting the size of said silicon carbide particles; and regulating the hardness of the outer surface of the coating by adjusting the flow rate of said silicon carbide particles through said second nozzle.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176941</DOCNO><APP-NO>444032</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19891130</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176941</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B05D  3/02</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>427226</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>3840781	19881203	DE</PRIORITY><CITATION>3853567/19741200	4312970/19820100	4460640/19840700	4482669/19841100	4618591/19861000	4689252/19870800	4772494/19880900	4847345/19890700	4873039/19891000	4931513/19900600	4935481/19900600	5008423/19910400</CITATION><INVENTOR>Peuckert; Marcellus<tab>Bruck; Martin<tab>Gerdau; Thomas<tab>Vaahs; Tilo<tab>Kleiner; Hans-Jerg<tab>Aldinger; Fritz</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Hoechst Aktiengesellschaft</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Process of producing a ceramic/fiber composite using a molten polysilazone</TITLE><ABST>The invention relates to a process for the production of a ceramic/fiber composite. The process comprises impregnating fibers with a molten polysilazane in a first step, converting the polysilazane in the fibers into the infusible state in a second step and, in a third step, heating the impregnated fibers to 800.degree. to 2000.degree. C. in an atmosphere of nitrogen, noble gas, or ammonia.</ABST><SPEC>DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS One subject of the present invention is a process for the production of a ceramic/fiber composite, which comprises impregnating fibers with a molten polysilazane in a fist step, converting the polysilazane in the fibers into the infusible state, in a second step, using NH.sub.3, hexamethylenetetramine, an amine or a chlorosilane of the general formula (CH.sub.3).sub.n SiCl.sub.m, in which n+m=4 and n=1, 2, or 3, and, in a third step, heating the impregnated fibers to 800.degree. C. to 2000.degree. C. in an atmosphere of nitrogen, noble gas or ammonia. In this context the term "fibers" is to be understood to mean both one-dimensional structures and also two-dimensional structures of all types formed therefrom. Suitable molten polysilazanes are: a) compounds of the general formula (I) ##STR1## in which x and y denote the mole fractions of the two structural units and in which x+y=1 and x=0.7-0.95, b) compounds of the general formula (II) ##STR2## in which the free valencies of the nitrogen atoms are saturated with H atoms or silyl radicals ##STR3## and in which R, R', and R" and R* are alkyl or alkenyl groups having up to 6 carbon atoms, preferably up to 3 carbon atoms, and a, b, and c denote the mole factions of the respective structural units. R=R'=R"=R*=CH.sub.3 is particular preferred. The fibers used in the process according to the invention could be composed of, for instance, C, SiC, Si.sub.3 N.sub.4, Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 or carbon fiber-reinforced carbon. It is possible, for example, first to spin molten polysilazane into fibres, to convert them by heat treatment at 800.degree. to 1600.degree. C. into Si.sub.3 N.sub.4 fibres, to produce a two-dimensional structure from the latter and then to impregnate said structure according to the invention with the same or a different polysilazane, to convert the polysilazane into the infusible state and to heat the product to 800.degree. to 2000.degree. C. If the polysilazane is to be rendered infusible by means of an amine, in general methylamine or ethylamine is used. However the preferred agent for converting to the infusible state is NH.sub.3. The combination of steps according to the invention can also be used on the same fibers several times in succession. Furthermore, compounds of magnesium, aluminum, yttrium or of a rare earth metal, singly or as a mixture can be dissolved in the molten polysilazane as filler for the fibers and the fibers impregnated with this solution instead of with pure polysilazane; particularly suitable compounds are the nitrates, alcoholates, acetates or acetylacetonates, singly or as a mixture. Of course, the impregnated fibers can also be shaped into a shaped article before the heat treatment. A further subject of the invention is a ceramic/fiber composite, obtainable by means of the process just described, preferably carried out using compounds of the formula (I) or (II). A further subject of the present invention is a ceramic/fiber composite, obtainable by means of the said process, in particular in its preferred embodiments, composed of fibers and a ceramic amorphous or partly crystalline matrix, in which the matrix contains 45-60% by weight Si, 30-40% by weight N, 0-25% by weight C and 0-20% by weight O and crystalline Si.sub.3 N.sub.4 is present to the extent of more than 30% by weight. In order to increase the corrosion resistance it can be advantageous if the finished and already mechanically processed ceramic/fiber composite is subjected to a further treatment with molten polysilazane, namely that it is coated with the latter, the coating is rendered infusible and the product then heated to 800.degree. to 2000.degree. C. in an atmosphere of nitrogen, noble gas or ammonia. The preparation of the compounds of formula (I) which are suitable as starting materials is described in German Patent Application P 37 37 921.6. This application relates in general to the preparation of polymeric silazanes by reacting one or more dialkylaminoorganyldichlorosilanes of the formula RSiCl.sub.2 -NR'R', in which R=C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl, vinyl or phenyl and R'=C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 -alkyl, with at least 3.35 moles of ammonia per mole of silane in a solvent at temperatures of -80.degree. C. to +70.degree. C. The dimethylaminoethyldichlorosilane C.sub.2 H.sub.5 SiCl.sub.2--N(CH.sub.3).sub.2 (also referred to as "aminochlorosilane" in the following text) used as starting material for the polymeric silazanes of the formula (I) can be obtained according to S. S. Washburne, W. R. Peterson, J. Organometal. Chem. 21 (1970), page 59, by reacting ethyltrichlorosilane C.sub.2 H.sub.5 SiCl.sub.3 with dimethylamine. The reaction is carried out in aprotic solvents, preferably polar, such as ethers, in particular in THF. The molar ratio of ethyltrichlorosilane to dimethylamine can assume values between 1:1 and 1:3; a ratio of about 1:2 is preferred. The ammonium salts formed during the reaction precipitate out of the reaction solution, whilst the aminochlorosilane formed remains in solution. The resulting aminochlorosilane of the formula C.sub.2 H.sub.5 SiCl.sub.2 --N(CH.sub.3).sub.2 is reacted, per mole, with at least 3.35 moles, preferably with at least 3.5 moles of ammonia in aprotic solvents, preferably polar, such as ethers, in particular THF. This is effected at temperatures between -80.degree. C. and +70.degree. C., preferably at -10.degree. C. to 0.degree. C. The resulting polymeric silazane of the formula (I) is completely soluble in all common aprotic solvents. In the formula (I) Si is never bonded to Si directly, but always via a NH bridge. If, for example, x=0.9 (and therefore y=0.1), then 10% of the originally available dimethylamino groups are still contained in the polymer and 90% of the silicon atoms are crosslinked three times via NH bridges. The controllable ratio of x to y determines the degree of crosslinking and thus the viscosity and the processability to ceramic. In this way values of x=0.7-0.95 (y=0.3-0.05) are obtained if at least 3.35 moles of NH.sub.3 are used per mole of aminochlorosilane. Preferably x=0.85-0.95 (y=0.15-0.05); this is then the case if at least 3.5 moles of NH.sub.3 are used per mole of aminochlorosilane. In general at most 8 moles, preferably at most 6 moles of NH.sub.3 are used per mole of aminochlorosilane. Naturally a larger relative quantity of NH.sub.3 than 8 moles will also be successful, but this higher expense is unnecessary. The preparation of compounds of the formula (II), which are also suitable as starting materials for the ceramic/fiber composites according to the invention, has already been described in part in the German Patent Application P 37 33 727.0; in this application the compounds are referred to as polymeric hydridochlorosilazanes. For their preparation oligohydridoalkylsilazanes of the general formula (R.sup.1 SiHNH).sub.n, in which n is about 3 to 12 and R.sup.1 denotes an alkyl or alkenyl group having up to 6 carbon atoms, are reacted with a dichlorohydridoalkylsilane of the general formula R.sup.2 SiHCl.sub.2, in which R.sup.2 denotes an alkyl or alkenyl group having up to 6 carbon atoms, at 30.degree. to 300.degree. C. During this reaction highly volatile by-products are formed. These by-products are removed during the reaction. The oligohydridoalkylsilazanes (R.sup.1 SiHNH).sub.n, with n equal to about 3 to about 12, used in this reaction can be obtained by reacting a dichlorohydridoalkylsilane of the formula R.sup.1 SiHCl.sub.2, in which R.sup.1 has the above meaning, with an excess of NH.sub.3 in a solvent, as described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,482,669 (see there in particular columns 4, 5, 7 and 8). In general, a mixture of linear and cyclic oligomers of different chain lengths n forms in this process. The radicals R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 in the oligohydridoalkylsilazanes (R.sup.1 SiHNH).sub.n (also abbreviated to "oligosilazanes" in the following text) or in the dichlorohydridoalkylsilane R.sup.2 SiHCl.sub.2 (also abbreviated to "dichloroalkylsilane" in the following text) can be identical or different; preferably they have up to 3 carbon atoms. It is particularly preferred that R.sup.1 =R.sup.2 =CH.sub.3. Preferably the molar ratio of the reactants in the above reaction dichloroalkylsilane: R.sup.1 SiHNH unit of the oligosilazane is about 0.2:1 to 1.5:1, in particular 0.3:1 to 1:1. For the reaction of the reactants with each other the oligosilazanes are preferably initially introduced and the dichloroalkylsilane added. Since the reaction is exothermic the temperature is preferably initially kept at 30.degree. to 50.degree. C. during the mixing together of the reactants. Subsequently the mixture is heated to temperatures of 100.degree. to 300.degree. C., preferably to 120.degree. to 250.degree. C. The low-boiling products formed as by-products, such as RSiHCl.sub.2, RSiClH.sub.2, RSiCl.sub.3, HCl, H.sub.2, NH.sub.3 (in which R=R.sup.1 or R.sup.2), partially escape during the reaction. On completion of the reaction the residual low-boiling products are in general removed from the reaction vessel by applying a vacuum. The NH.sub.4 Cl also formed during the reaction largely sublimes off from the reaction mixture in the course of the reaction. Any remaining residue of NH.sub.4 Cl can be separated off from the prepared polymeric hydridochlorosilazane by extraction with an inert organic solvent, such as n-hexane, toluene or ether. The reaction time depends on the speed of heating up and on the reaction temperature. In general a reaction time of 5 to 7 hours is sufficient. It is also possible to carry out the reaction in an organic solvent. Suitable solvents are those which are inert towards the reactants and have a sufficiently high boiling point, such as, for example, saturated aliphatic or aromatic hydrocarbons, such as n-decane, Decalin, xylene or toluene, chlorinated hydrocarbons such as chlorobenzene, or ethers, such as dibenzyl ether or diethylene glycol diethyl ether. When a solvent is used in which the NH.sub.4 Cl formed is insoluble, the latter can be separated off by filtration. The polymeric hydridochlorosilazanes are then obtained by distilling off the solvent under reduced pressure. If appropriate, the process can also be carried out under reduced pressure. It is also possible to operate at pressures in the range of from 1 to 10 atmospheres. The process can also be designed to run continuously. The polysilazanes of the formula (II) prepared in this manner have a net-like structure. The values of the mole fractions b and c are the higher (and correspondingly the value of a the lower), the larger the ratio of dichloroalkylsilane:R.sup.1 SiHNH unit of the oligosilazane. The particular values of a, b and c in each case can be determined by integration of the .sup.1 H-NMR spectra and by elementary analysis. In general the values of a, b and c are 0.1 to 0.8, where a+b+c=1. Preferred values for a and b are from 0.1 to 0.5, particularly from 0.2 to 0.4. The preferred values for c are 0.1 to 0.6, particularly 0.3 to 0.6. As stated these values can be adjusted by means of the relative proportion of the dichloroalkylsilane in the reaction mixture and monitored by means of the methods of analysis mentioned. Surprisingly, it has been found that in the production of a ceramic/fiber composite according to the invention a single impregnation with molten polysilazane, followed by conversion to the infusible state and heating (three-step sequence) frequently already results in a completely satisfactory breaking strength of the ceramic/fiber composite. However, with repeated three-step sequences carried out in succession sometimes a further increase in the breaking strength and corrosion resistance of the ceramic/fiber composite can be achieved. The process according to the invention is equally applicable to one-dimensional structures and two-dimensional structures built up from these, that is to say materials such as wovens, non-wovens, fleeces, filaments, threads, fibers, cords or networks. As stated, the term fibers shall be used to represent all of these structures. The fibers can be dipped in molten polysilazane, or the molten polysilazane is applied dropwise to the fibers or poured onto them. It can be advantageous to form thicker shaped articles from individual impregnated, relatively thin material layers by multistacking of one layer above another and processing these thicker shaped articles further after conversion of the polysilazane into the infusible state; in other cases it can be better to stack the initially non-impregnated material layers one above another and to impregnate this stack as a whole with polysilazane. If (following the conversion of the polysilazane to the infusible state) the heating of the impregnated fibers is carried out in a nitrogen or noble gas atmosphere at 800.degree. to 1200.degree. C., an amorphous silicon matrix is obtained, which is composed of approximately 40 to 50% by weight Si, 20 to 30% by weight N, 15 to 25% by weight C, remainder O and Cl. If, on the other hand, the heating of the impregnated fibers is carried out in an atmosphere of ammonia or an inert gas containing ammonia at 800.degree. to 1200.degree. C., an amorphous silicon matrix is obtained which is composed of approximately 50 to 60% by weight Si, 30 to 40% by weight N, less than 5% by weight O, less than 1% by weight C and less than 1% by weight Cl. A matrix which is partly crystalline and composed of .alpha.Si.sub.3 N.sub.4 is obtained on heating in N.sub.2, noble gas or NH.sub.3 to temperatures from 1200.degree. C. to about 1600.degree. C., particularly from 1400.degree. C. to about 1600.degree. C. A matrix composed of .beta.-Si.sub.3 N.sub.4 is obtained on heating to temperatures of about 1600.degree. to 2000.degree. C. Above about 1800.degree. C. heating must then be carried out under an elevated nitrogen pressure of about 10 to 50 bar, in order to prevent a decomposition of the Si.sub.3 N.sub.4. A further subject of the present invention is a process for coating mechanically processed ceramic/fiber composites, which comprises enveloping the mechanically processed ceramic/fiber composite with molten polysilazane in a first step, converting the polysilazane into the infusible state in a second step, using NH.sub.3, hexamethylenetetramine, an amine or a chlorosilane of the general formula (CH.sub.3).sub.n SiCl.sub.m, in which n+m=4 and n=1, 2 or 3, and, in a third step, heating the enveloped ceramic/fiber composite in an atmosphere of N.sub.2, noble gas or NH.sub.3 to 800.degree. to 2000.degree. C. For this process compounds of the formulae (I) and (II) are again particularly suitable as polysilazanes. Using this process it is possible to envelop ceramics which are not resistant to oxidation, such as, for example, carbon fibers, with an Si.sub.3 N.sub.4 layer and thus to protect them against oxidation at high temperature or against corrosion. NH.sub.3 is preferably used in order to convert the polysilazane to the infusible state in the process described above. In the following examples the flexural strength of the ceramic/fiber composites was measured as 4-point bending strength according to USA Standard Mil.-STD 1942 using the Instron 1326 universal testing machine: 4-point support with 40 mm/20 mm distance between the supports and a constant increase in force of 500 N/s on test pieces measuring 3.5 mm.multidot.4.5 mm.multidot.45 mm. The following examples illustrate the invention. The percentage figures are percentages by weight, unless indicated otherwise. EXAMPLE 1 Polysilazane of the formula (I) with x=0.9 and y=0.1 and carbon fibers (.RTM.Sigrafil C from Sigri GmbH, Meitingen, West Germany; with 40,000 individual filaments each having a diameter of 7 .mu.m) were introduced into a vessel. The vessel was brought under a nitrogen atmosphere and heated to 100.degree. C. The sizing had been removed previously from the carbon fibers in an acetone bath. The impregnated carbon fibers were removed from the polysilazane melt and cooled to 25.degree. C. 20 carbon fibers impregnated in this manner were stacked at right angles to each other to form a block and the block was compacted in a press at a temperature of 50.degree. C. under a pressure of 50 bar. The shaped article obtained in this way was kept at room temperature for 2 hours in an atmosphere of CH.sub.3 SiCl.sub.3 in order to convert the polysilazane to the infusible state. Subsequently the shaped article was heated in the course of a heating period of 15 hours to a temperature of 100.degree. C. in an atmosphere of nitrogen, left at this temperature for 10 hours and then cooled. The measured bending strength of the ceramic/fiber composite obtained is given in the table following the examples. EXAMPLE 2 A ceramic/fiber composite was produced as in Example 1. This was then subjected to two further three-step sequences (impregnation, conversion to the infusible state, heating) using the same polysilazane as in Example 1. The measured bending strength of the resultant ceramic/fiber composite is again given in the table. EXAMPLE 3 Polysilazane of the formula (II) with R=R'=R"=CH.sub.3 and Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 --SiO.sub.2 fibers (85% Al.sub.2 O.sub.3, 15% SiO.sub.2) with 1000 individual filaments each having a diameter of 0.017 mm were heated to 180.degree. C. in a vessel under an atmosphere of nitrogen and the fibers were then removed from the melt and cooled to 25.degree. C. The impregnated fibers were stacked in a crosswise manner and the stack compressed to a shaped article in a press at 110.degree. C. under 40 bar pressure. The impregnated material was held for 2 hours at room temperature under an atmosphere of ammonia in a pressure vessel and then heated in the course of 15 hours to a temperature of 1400.degree. C. under an ammonia pressure of 10 bar, left for 10 hours at this temperature and then cooled. The matrix consisted to the extent of 44% by weight of Si.sub.3 N.sub.4. The measured bending strength of the ceramic/fiber composite obtained is again given in the table. EXAMPLE 4 SiC fibers with 500 individual filaments each having a diameter of 0.015 mm were drawn, under nitrogen as a blanketing gas, through a bath of molten polysilazane of the formula (I) with x=0.8 and y=0.2, to which of 5% by weight yttrium acetate had been added. The SiC fibers impregnated in this manner were stacked crosswise on top of each other, compressed at a temperature of 50.degree. C. in a press under 40 bar pressure and held for 2 hours in an atmosphere of ammonia. The shaped article was heated in the course of 15 hours to 1700.degree. C. under a nitrogen pressure of 5 bar, left for 10 hours at this temperature and then cooled. The matrix consisted to the extent of 78% by weight of .beta.-Si.sub.3 N.sub.4. The measured bending strength of the ceramic/fiber composite obtained is again given in the table. EXAMPLE 5 Polymeric hydridochlorosilazane of the formula (II) with R=R'=R"=CH.sub.3 was introduced into a melt-spin apparatus under N.sub.2 blanketing gas and heated to 140.degree. C. and the melt forced through a spinning jet of 0.1 mm diameter using a piston. The spun fiber was stretched to a fiber thickness of 20 .mu.m under its own weight. The resulting fibers were treated with NH.sub.3 gas at room temperature and rendered infusible by this means and were then subjected to pyrolysis in a furnace under an atmosphere of NH.sub.3. For this purpose the temperature was increased in the course of 7 hours from 25.degree. C. to 1200.degree. C., kept for 1 hour at 1200.degree. C. and then in the course of 4 hours reduced to room temperature again. The resulting fiber was amorphous when tested by X-rays and apart from the main constituents Si and N also contained 0.1% by weight C, 0.6% by weight Cl and 2.0% by weight O. The ceramic yield of the pyrolysis was 64% by weight. The tensile strength of the fiber was 2 GPa. The fibers prepared in this manner were drawn in cords, each of 500 individual filaments, under nitrogen blanketing gas through a bath of molten polysilazane of the formula (I) with x=0.8 and y=0.2. The fibers impregnated in this manner were stacked crosswise one on top of another and compressed to a shaped article at 50.degree. C. under a pressure of 40 bar. The shaped article was held for 2 hours in an atmosphere of NH.sub.3. The shaped article was heated in the course of 20 hours to 1200.degree. C. under a nitrogen pressure of 1 bar, left for 10 hours at this temperature and then cooled. The measured bending strength is given in the table. TABLE ______________________________________ Bending strength Example No. Fiber type MPa ______________________________________ 1 C 110 2 C 262 3 Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 --SiO.sub.2 186 4 SiC 392 5 Si.sub.3 N.sub.4 463 ______________________________________ 72 502321 19900330 01 5084423 84 266513 19881103 01 4935481 75 491534 19900312 01 5066623 84 247933 19880922 01 4931513 BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention relates to a ceramic/fiber composite and a process for its production. Because of its high breaking strength, dimensional stability, resistance to high temperature and to corrosion, ceramic/fiber composite is gaining a continuously growing importance. The good properties of the ceramic/fiber composite are based on the combination of a matrix and built-in fibers. 2. Description of the Related Art A ceramic/fiber composite in which the fibers are fist impregnated with polysilazane and the polysilazane is then thermally decomposed to silicon nitride is described in EP-0,125,772 A1. A disadvantage with this process is that, for the impregnation of the fibers, the polysilazane must be dissolved in solvent. After the impregnation, the solvent must be removed. Cavities form as a result of the removal of the solvent from the fiber composite, resulting in a ceramic fiber composite possessing properties which are not always satisfactory. It has been found that ceramic fiber composites have an increasing breaking strength and dimensional stability if there are only a few cavities in the ceramic fiber composite. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The object was, therefore, to provide a process for the production of ceramic/fiber composites, with which a ceramic/fiber composite having an increased breaking strength and dimensional stability is obtained, which in the crude state is dimensionally stable and easily workable and which remains dimensionally stable during heating. </SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A process for the production of a ceramic/fiber composite, which comprises the steps of (a) impregnating fibers with a molten polysilazane wherein said molten polysilazine is represented by the general formula (I) ##STR4## in which x and y represent the mole fractions of the two structural units and where x+y=1 and x=0.7 to 0.95; or by the general formula (II) ##STR5## in which the free valencies of the nitrogen atoms are saturated with H atoms or silyl radicals ##STR6## and in which R, R', R" and R* denote alkyl or alkenyl groups having up to 6 carbon atoms; and a, b and c denote the mole fractions of the respective structural units; b) converting the polysilazine in the fibers into the infusible state using NH.sub.3, hexamethylenetetramine, an amine or a chlorosilane of the general formula (CH.sub.3).sub.n SiCl.sub.m, in which n+m=4 and n=1,2 or 3, and c) heating the impregnated fibers to 800.degree. to 2000.degree. C. in an atmosphere selected from the group consisting of nitrogen, noble gas and ammonia. 2. 2. The process as claimed in claim 1, wherein R, R', R" and R* are alkyl or alkenyl groups having up to 3 carbon atoms. 3. 3. The process as claimed in claim 1, wherein R=R'=R"=R*=CH.sub.3. 4. 4. The process as claimed in claim 1, wherein fibers of C, SiC, Si.sub.3 N.sub.4 or Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 or carbon fiber-reinforced carbon are used. 5. 5. The process as claimed in claim 1, wherein a molten polysilazane is first spun into fibers, said fibers are then converted by heat treatment at 800.degree. to 1600.degree. C. into Si.sub.3 N.sub.4 fibers, a two-dimensional structure is produced from the latter and said structure is then impregnated with the same or a different molten polysilazane, the polysilazane is converted to the infusible state and the product is heated to 800.degree. to 2000.degree. C. 6. 6. The process as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sequence of the three process steps is carried out at least twice in succession on the same fibers. 7. 7. The process as claimed in claim 1, wherein compounds of magnesium, aluminum, yttrium or of a rare earth metal, singly or as a mixture, are dissolved in the molten polysilazane as filler for the fibers and the fibers are impregnated with this solution instead of with pure polysilazane. 8. 8. The process as claimed in claim 7, wherein the nitrates, alcoholates, acetates or acetylacetonates of the said metals are used, singly or as a mixture, as the filler. 9. 9. A process for coating a ceramic/fiber composite, wherein a ceramic/fiber composite according to claim 1 is mechanically processed and is then coated through steps a, b, and c.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176942</DOCNO><APP-NO>533112</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19900604</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176942</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B05D  3/02</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>427379</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>3920725	19890624	DE</PRIORITY><CITATION>3329652/19670700	3394105/19680700	3677978/19720600	4968767/19901100</CITATION><INVENTOR>Burba; Christian<tab>Mrotzek; Werner</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Schering AG</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Process for manufacturing fiber-reinforced base materials for the electrical industry based on epoxy resin and imidazole-acrylic acid adduct curing agents</TITLE><ABST>The invention relates to a process for manufacturing fiber-reinforced boards for the electrical industry by the use of epoxy resins and latent curing agents based on imidazole/acrylic acid reaction products based on the general formula ##STR1## wherein R, R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 are, independently of one another, H or a short-chain alkyl group having from 1 to 3 carbon atoms, R.sup.3 is a group of the formula --O--(CH.sub.2)m--R.sub.4 (II) wherein m is an integer between 2 and 6, R.sup.4 is H, --OH or --O--, and n is equal to the valence of R.sup.3.</ABST><SPEC>EXAMPLES (I) Preparation of curing agents used in accordance with the invention (1) Product of reaction of 2-ethyl-4-methylimidazole with methyl acrylate A charge of 5,500 g (50 mols) of 2-ethyl-4-methyl-imidazole (liquid) is heated to 50.degree. C. At that temperature, 4,300 g (50 mols) of methyl acrylate is gradually and continuously added. The mixture is allowed to react for approximately another 2 hours at 50.degree. C. The reaction product so obtained has the following characteristics: Amine value: 307-308. Viscosity: 19 mPa.multidot.s/25.degree. C. Product of reaction of 2-ethyl-4-methylimidazole with butanediol acrylate 99.1 g (0.5 mol) of butanediol acrylate is reacted with 110.2 g (1.0 mol) of 2-ethyl-4-methylimidazole (liquid) as described under (1). The reaction product so obtained has the following characteristics: Amine value: 295-296. Viscosity: 2,500 mPa.multidot.s/25.degree. C. (3) Product of reaction of 2-ethyl-4-methylimidazole with 2-hydroxyethyl acrylate 348.3 g (3 mols) of 2-hydroxyethyl acrylate is reacted with 330.6 g (3 mols) of 2-ethyl-4-methylimidazole (liquid) as described under (1). The reaction product so obtained has the following characteristics: Amine value: 246-247 Viscosity: 2,060 mPa.multidot.s/25.degree. C. (4) Product of reaction of 2-ethyl-4-methylimidazole with butanediol monoacrylate 144.2 g (1 mol) of butanediol monoacrylate is reacted with 110.2 g (1 mol) of 2-ethyl-4-methylimidazole (liquid) as described under (1). The reaction product so obtained has the following characteristics: Amine value: 233-232 Viscosity: 450 mPa.multidot.s/25.degree. C. Preparation of a prepreg reaction mixture 5 g of reaction product (I) (1) is mixed at room temperature with 100 g of a novolac-based epoxy resin with an epoxy value of 0.18 and a bromine content of 19.5% and with 45 g of methyl ethyl ketone and used for the production of prepregs. The prepregs are produced on the laboratory scale by coating the impregnating solution onto a glass-filament fabric in a satin weave measuring about 0.1 m.sup.2 (296 g/m.sup.2) which after being impregnated is heat-treated for 2 minutes in a forced-air oven at 120.degree. C. After the evaporation of the solvent and the conversion of the resin system from the A stage to the B stage, flexible, slightly tacky prepregs are obtained which can be processed further to high-strength molded parts even after being stored for several weeks between polyethylene sheets at room temperature. During lamination, the binder exhibits a good rheological behavior, and the finished products, cured for 60 minutes at 120.degree. C., show no defects whatever so far as the adhesion of the individual prepreg layers to one another is concerned. The examples listed in Table 1 were run and tested by this procedure. TEST METHODS The glass transition temperature (T.sub.g) was determined with a TA 3000 differential scanning calorimeter (DSC), made by Mettler, with a DSC 30 measuring junction in the following manner: About 10 to 12 mg of the reactive mixture was weighed into the cup of the DSC apparatus and cured for 30 minutes in the measuring cell, which had been preheated to 120.degree. C. After the cell had been cooled to 30.degree. C., the measurement was made at a programmed temperature-increase rate of 10.degree. C./min. The mechanical properties were measured on molded parts 2.5 mm thick which had been cured by compressing nine prepreg layers (type 92626-J550 glass fabrics manufactured by Interglas) at 120.degree. C. and 10 bars for 1 hour. The following values were determined: ______________________________________ Tensile strength DIN 53455 Elongation DIN 53455 Modulus of elasticity DIN 53457 Interlaminar shear ISO 4585 ______________________________________ TABLE 1 ______________________________________ Curing agent Epoxy Example Type Quantity g resin 100 g Solvent T.sub.g, .degree.C. ______________________________________ A (I) (1) 5 (II) MEK 45 110 B (I) (2) 5 (II) MEK 45 119 C (I) (3) 5 (II) MEK 45 129 D (I) (4) 5 (II) MEK 45 118 E (I) (3) 2.5 (II) MEK 45 115 F (I) (3) 7.5 (II) MEK 45 120 G (I) (3) 4.75 (II) MEK 45 124 F (IV) 0.25 H (I) (3) 0.25 (II) MEK 45 130 F (III) 4.75 I (I) (3) 2.25 (II) MEK 45 131 F (III) 2.2 Compar- (I) (III) 5 (II) (1) MEK 45 115 ative Dicyandiam. 8 ______________________________________ KEY: MEK = Methyl ethyl ketone F (IV) = Compound of formula (IV) where R.sup.6 = (1) and R.sup.7 = (2) F (III) = Compound of formula (III) For example C and the comparative example, the mechanical properties were also determined. ______________________________________ Tensile Elonga- Modulus of Interlaminar Example strength tion elasticity shear ______________________________________ C 237 N/mm.sup.2 1.5% 17,200 N/mm.sup.2 29 N/mm.sup.2 Compar- 235 N/mm.sup.2 1.4% 17,500 N/mm.sup.2 28 N/mm.sup.2 ative ______________________________________ The invention relates to a process for manufacturing fiber-reinforced boards for the electrical industry by the use of epoxy resins and latent curing agents based on imidazole/acrylic acid reaction products. In modern technology, components known as printed circuit boards (PCB's) have been used for some time which use electric circuits in the form of vapor-deposited conductors in place of wiring. With this technique, thin, electrically conductive layers are applied to insulating base materials by various methods. The homogeneity of the base material has to meet stringent requirements, which become steadily more rigorous as miniaturization advances. Any inhomogeneity of the order of magnitude of the geometric dimensions of the conductors (width and thickness) can lead to serious malfunctions. The base materials which today are used predominantly are fiber-reinforced materials in which curable mixtures of epoxy resins and amine curing agents are used as binders. From the reinforcing materials and the binder, so-called prepregs are first produced, and these can be stored before they are cured under pressure and at elevated temperatures. In the prepregs, the binder is in the so-called B stage, that is, it is partially cured. Consequently it is solid but still largely soluble in solvents and also fusible. To achieve this stage, the curing agent should meet specific requirements: It should be possible to reach the B stage at a minimum expenditure of energy (temperature and time), yet permit that stage to be maintained for a long period of time after cooling to room temperature. Complete cure, on the other hand, should be achievable within a short time at the lowest possible temperatures and with-out pronounced exothermicity. The finished products should, of course, meet the physical and mechanical end-use requirements. Epoxy resins cured with dicyandiamide substantially satisfy these requirements so far as their physical and mechanical properties and also their storage and curing behavior are concerned, and dicyandiamide is therefore predominantly used at present, occasionally together with accelerators. The advantageous storage and curing behavior is due to the fact that at room temperature dicyandiamide is substantially insoluble in the usual epoxy resins. When solid crystalline dicyandiamide is used, inhomogeneities are observed in the cured substrates which are due to undissolved and unreacted particles. While homogeneous substrates can be produced when dicyandiamide solutions are employed, the use of solvents gives rise to other problems. Dicyandiamide is soluble in sufficient amounts only in a few solvents, particularly dimethylformamide or methyl glycol. However, these solvents are toxicologically hazardous and cause problems not only in the manufacture of the prepregs, that is, during the impregnation of the reinforcing materials and the conversion to the B stage, but also in connection with the disposal of wastes. Because dicyandiamide is only sparingly soluble, large amounts of solvent must be used, which influence the impregnating viscosity in such a way that the binder content on the reinforcing materials cannot be chosen at will. Since the solvents cannot be eliminated completely during the cure, thermal loading of the components, installed in equipment, also poses the danger that in the field the solvents are discharged uncontrolled to the surrounding air. The present invention thus has as an object to overcome these drawbacks and to provide a process for the manufacture of fiber-reinforced base materials which are used in the electrical industry, and particularly in electronics and microelectroncis, for the manufacture of printed circuit boards. In accordance with the invention, this object is accomplished by using a curable mixture of epoxy resins and latent amine curing agents based on imidazole-acrylic acid reaction products. Thus, one object of the invention is to provide a process for manufacturing fiber-reinforced base materials for the electrical industry by first converting reinforcing materials impregnated with binder to the B stage by the use of pressure and heat, and then curing them completely at elevated temperature, which is characterized in that the binder used consists of curable mixtures of: (a) epoxy resins; b) at least one of the curing agents of the general formula ##STR2## wherein R, R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 are, independently of one another, H or a short-chain alkyl group having from 1 to 3 carbon atoms, R.sup.3 is a group of the formula --O-- (CH.sub.2).sub.m - (II) wherein m is an integer between 2 and 6, R.sup.4 is H, --OH or or --O--, and n is equal to the valence of R.sup.3 ; and optionally (c) commonly used auxiliary and additive substances, pigments, fillers, stabilizers, and solvents. A further object of the invention is characterized in that compounds of the general formula (I) wherein R is --CH.sub.2 -- CH.sub.3, R.sup.2 is H and R.sup.3 is O--(CH.sub.2).sub.2 --R.sup.4, R.sup.4 being H or OH, are used as curing agents according to (b). Still another object of the invention is characterized in that the curing agents are used in amounts of from 1 to 10 g, and more particularly from 4 to 6 g, per 100 g of epoxy resin. A further object of the invention is characterized in that glycidyl ethers based on bisphenol A, bisphenol F and novolacs with epoxy values of from 0.18 to 0.6, and more particularly from 0.39 to 0.55, are used as the epoxy resins. Commercial halogenated, and particularly chlorinated, epoxy resins based on said raw materials are preferably used. For the manufacture of composite materials, two basic processes are employed today. One of these is the wet lay-up process in which the reinforcing materials are impregnated with the curable mixture, superimposed on one another in the wet state while being molded, and heat-cured in one step to the thermoset final state. In the other process, the two-step process, prepregs are first produced from the reinforcing materials and the curable mixture, and these prepregs are then processed into the finished parts in a separate second step. Because of the viscosity of the epoxy resins used, which occasionally is quite high, the fiber-reinforced base materials for circuit boards are manufactured predominantly by the two-step process since only then can the viscosity of the binder system be varied over a wide range by adding solvents. The prepregs are usually formed in a continuous process in which the reinforcing materials are passed through an impregnating bath of the resin/curing agent mixture being used. The quantity of impregnant to be deposited on a particular base-material web is regulated through the viscosity of the impregnant and through squeegee rolls located downstream. With solvent-containing systems, the solvent contained in the impregnating solution is evaporated through the input of heat after the impregnating operation and the resin system is converted at the same time from the A stage to the B stage. depending on the process conditions, the reinforcing materials impregnated with liquid to highly viscid impregnant are thus turned into a prepreg that is slightly tacky to almost dry. In this process step it is important that the solvent is completely eliminated from the impregnating mixture, and that the latent curing agent needed for the prepreg cure in the second process step is not yet activated, which would cause an undesired complete reaction of the impregnated reinforcing materials. With solvent-free systems, depending on the chemical composition of the resin system there is either also a short heat treatment of the material after impregnation to convert the impregnant to the B stage or the reinforcing materials are faced on both sides with release sheets immediately after impregnation, without any heat treatment, and placed into intermediate storage appropriate to the system. During this intermediate storage, either a gradual transition of the resin system to the B stage takes place or the impregnant is fixed on the base materials through physical effects alone and largely without chemical changes. The prepregs so obtained can be stored and shipped as rolls before they are cut to size for a particular end use and placed one on top of the other to the thickness of a board. Under the simultaneous action of pressure and heat, the prepreg stack is completely cured to give a high-strength molded part, with the still fluid low-molecular-weight resins passing into the high-molecular-weight C stage of a thermoset. While in the one-step process long open times and short curing times at low curing temperatures are all that is required, prolonged storage stability of the prepregs is an additional requirement in the two-step process. Storage temperatures below room temperature are increasingly held to be unacceptable. Of further importance is that depending on the procedure employed to form the prepregs the viscosity of the ready-for-use curable mixtures remain substantially constant over as long a period as possible. This is necessary, especially when a large-volume impregnating bath is used, for achieving a constant resin deposition and a constant B stage as the conditions of production cannot be continually adjusted to changing relationships within the curable mixture and as fluctuations in the viscosity have an adverse effect on the physical properties of the finished cured product. What is desired in practice is a curable mixture whose viscosity remains constant over an extended period in the impregnating bath and which reacts at low temperatures in a short time to the B stage and can then be stored as prepregs at room temperature for long periods of time without undergoing chemical changes. The complete cure of the prepregs which follows should occur at the lowest possible temperature within a short time, the maximum temperature of the exothermic reaction should remain at a low level even with moderately thick layers, and the profile of physical properties of the finished products should meet practical requirements. Dicyandiamide, long used as curing agent in curable mixtures based on epoxy resins, is usually combined with co-curing agents and/or accelerators to achieve the desired properties. A great many proposals are known from the literature in this area. However, to obtain homogeneous substrates, dicyandiamide must be used in dissolved form as otherwise crystalline unreacted particles will remain in the substrates. But the few solvents in which dicyandiamide is soluble in sufficient amounts are physiologically hazardous and give rise to processing problems. In contrast thereto, the curing agents used in accordance with the invention are soluble in sufficient amounts in all commonly used physiologically safe solvents, including highly volatile one. Consequently, the impregnating viscosity of the curable mixture can be adjusted to practical requirements and the solvent can be eliminated practically completely without any difficulty in the conversion to the B stage. Solvents suitable for use in accordance with the invention are those commonly employed in this field, for example, ketones, aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbons, and glycol ethers. Ketones such as acetone or methyl ethyl ketone, or mixtures thereof, are preferred in accordance with the invention. The compounds of formula (I) used in accordance with the invention act both as curing agents and as accelerators, and the concurrent use of commonly used accelerators and curing agents can therefore be dispensed with. The curing agents or accelerators, respectively, preferably used in accordance with the invention are compounds of the general formula ##STR3## In accordance with the invention, compounds of general formula (I) are preferably used wherein R is --CH.sub.2 --CH.sub.3, R.sup.1 is CH.sub.3, R.sup.2 is H and R.sup.3 is --O--(CH.sub.2)mR.sup.4, m being an integer between 2 and 4 and R.sup.4 being H or --OH. The amount of curing agents or accelerators may be varied over a wide range. It is determined by the intended end use and by the curing conditions which the latter may impose. In accordance with the invention, amounts ranging from 1 to 10, and preferably from 4 to 6, parts by weight per 100 parts by weight of epoxy compound, are used. The nitrogenous heterocyclic amine compounds which in accordance with the invention may also be used, if desired, are compounds of the general formula ##STR4## wherein R.sub.1 and R.sup.2 have the meaning given above, and/or compounds of the general formula ##STR5## wherein R.sup.5 is an optionally substituted aliphatic, cycloaliphatic, aromatic or araliphatic groups and R.sup.6 and R.sup.7 may be ##STR6## independently of each other, R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 having the meaning given above and R.sup.8 and R.sup.9 being, independently of each other, an optionally branched alkyl group having from 1 to 4 carbon atoms, and preferably methyl. The epoxy resins used in accordance with the invention are glycidyl esters and ethers with two or more epoxy groups per molecule, and preferably glycidyl ethers based on mono- or polyhydric phenols. In accordance with the invention, glycidyl ethers of 2,2-bis(4-hydroxyphenol)propane (bisphenol A) with epoxy values of 0.2 to 0.6, and particularly the compounds which at room temperature are semisolid and range from highly viscous to moderately viscous and have epoxy values of about 0.39 to 0.55, are preferred. The glycidyl ethers based on bisphenol F and the novolacs have also proved advantageous. For modification of the properties of the finished product, modifying or auxiliary substances such as phenolic resins, melamine resins or silicone resins may be used, in addition to other epoxy resins. To obtain the desired viscosity, resins of different viscosities, diluents, commonly used solvents such as dimethylformamide, acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, methyl glycol or propylene glycol monomethyl ether, or mixtures thereof, may be used. For prepregging, organic and inorganic fibers, nonwoven and woven fabrics, and particularly glass are used. The solvent-containing prepregs are formed by conventional methods in which the base materials are impregnated in an impregnating bath with the reactive resin mixture and, after the excess resin has been squeegeed off, are continuously converted from the A stage to the B stage with input of energy (mostly heat) and simultaneous elimination of the solvent. Depending on the desired prepreg consistency (viscid to solid), the prepregs are then provided on both sides with a release sheet and wound into a roll for storage and shipping. The further processing consists of cutting the individual prepreg layers to size and placing them one on top of the other, and from this stack a highly crosslinked part is produced by molding with simultaneous heat input. </SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A process for manufacturing fiber-reinforced base materials for the electrical industry comprising converting reinforcing materials impregnated with binder to the B stage by the use of pressure and heat, and subsequently curing said B stage reinforcing materials completely at elevated temperature, wherein said binder comprises a curable mixture of (a) an epoxy resin and (b) at least one curing agent of formula I ##STR7## wherein R, R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 are, independently of one another, H or a short-chain alkyl group having from 1 to 3 carbon atoms, R.sup.3 is a group of formula II --O-- (CH.sub.2 (.sub.m --R.sup.4 (II) wherein m is an integer between 2 and 6,R.sup.4 is H, --OH or and n is equal to the valence of R.sup.3, and a curing agent of the formula III ##STR8## wherein R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 have the meanings given above. 2. 2. A process for manufacturing fiber-reinforced base materials for the electrical industry comprising converting reinforcing materials impregnated with binder to the B stage by the use of pressure and heat, and subsequently curing said B stage reinforcing materials completely at elevated temperature, wherein said binder comprises a curable mixture of (a) an epoxy resin and (b) at least one curing agent of formula I ##STR9## wherein R, R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 are, independently of one another, H or a short-chain alkyl group having from 1 to 3 carbon atoms, R.sup.3 is a group of formula II --O--(CH.sub.2).sub.m --R.sup.4 (II) wherein m is an integer between 2 and 6, R.sup.4 is H, --OH or --O-- and n is equal to the valence of R.sup.3, and a curing agent of the general formula IV ##STR10## wherein R.sup.5 is an optionally substituted aliphatic, cycloaliphatic, aromatic or araliphatic group and R.sup.6 and R.sup.7 are ##STR11## independently of one another, R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 having the meanings given above and R.sup.8 and R.sup.9 are, independently of one another, an optionally branched alkyl group having from 1 to 4 carbon atoms. 3. 3. A process for manufacturing fiber-reinforced base materials for the electrical industry comprising converting reinforcing materials impregnated with binder to the B stage by the use of pressure and heat, and subsequently curing said B stage reinforcing materials completely at elevated temperature, wherein said binder comprises a curable mixture of (a) an epoxy resin and (b) at least one curing agent of formula I ##STR12## wherein R, R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 are, independently of one another, H or a short-chain alkyl group having from 1 to 3 carbon atoms, R.sup.3 is a group of formula II --O-- (CH.sub.2).sub.m --R.sup.4 (II) wherein m is an integer between 2 and 6, R.sup.4 is H, --OH or --O-- and n is equal to the valence of R.sup.3, and a curing agent of formula III ##STR13## wherein R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 have the meanings given above, and a curing agent of formula IV ##STR14## wherein R.sup.5 is an optionally substituted aliphatic, cycloaliphatic, aromatic or araliphatic group and R.sup.6 and R.sup.7 are ##STR15## independently of one another, R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 having the meanings given above and R.sup.8 and R.sup.9 are, independently of one another, an optionally branched alkyl group having from 1 to 4 carbon atoms. 4. 4. A process as defined in claim 3, wherein R.sup.8 and R.sup.9 are methyl. 5. 5. A process as defined in claim 2, wherein, in formula IV, R.sup.6 and R.sup.7 are different and R.sup.8 is --CH.sub.3. 6. 6. A process as defined in claim 3, wherein, in formula IV, R.sup.6 and R.sup.7 are different and R.sup.8 is --CH.sub.3. 7. 7. A process as defined in claim 6, wherein the curing agents of the formulas III and IV are used in amounts of from 5 to 95 percent by weight, based on the curing agents of formula I.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176943</DOCNO><APP-NO>727472</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19910709</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176943</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B32B  3/02</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>428 64</PRI-USPC><CITATION>4042632/19770800	4208466/19800600	4505990/19850300	4623594/19861100	4822675/19890400	4833043/19890500	4917970/19900400</CITATION><INVENTOR>Woo; Edward J.</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Optical recording medium with antistatic hard coating</TITLE><ABST>The present invention concerns perfluoro-based antistatic compositions comprising 0.5 to 5.0 parts by weight of an ionic perfluoro surfactant and 0.5 to 5.0 parts by weight of a nonionic perfluoro surfactant in admixture with 100 parts by weight of nonfluorinated, copolymerizable, radiation curable prepolymers as well as antistatic hard coatings prepared from these compositions. The present invention also concerns optical recording media having such antistatic hard coatings provided on at least one surface.</ABST><SPEC>DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS FIG. 1 shows a greatly enlarged schematic cross-section through a portion of an illustrative substrate incident magneto optic ("MO") recording disk 10 of the present invention. It is to be understood, however, that the antistatic compositions of the present invention are not limited solely to use on MO media, but rather are suitable for use on a wide variety of materials. For example, in addition to being used with MO disks, the antistatic compositions of the present invention are particularly suitable for use with other kinds of optical recording media such as compact disks, CD-ROM, WORM (i.e., write-once-read-many) media, and the like. Referring now to FIG. 1, an optical recording layer 12 is provided on a transparent substrate 14. A film 16 having a reflective surface 18 is disposed to reflect incident light 40 which will have been transmitted through the magneto optic layer 12 a first time back through the optical recording layer 12 a second time. A protective sealcoat 20 is disposed over the film 16 to protect the optical recording layer 12 from the environment. Optionally, transparent dielectric layers 15 and 17 may be disposed on one or both sides of the optical recording layer 12. As is known in the art, such dielectric layers enhance the optical signal from the optical recording layer 12 and also protect the optical recording layer 12 from oxidation or corrosion due to heat, humidity, or chemical reactions with impurities. A hard coat layer 22 of the present invention is provided over the substrate 14 to protect the substrate 14 from physical damage. The substrate 14, optical recording layer 12, film 16, protective sealcoat 20, and the dielectric layers 15 and 17 can be of a type known in the art. See, for example, U.S. Pat. No. 4,917,970. However, the substrate 14 is preferably formed from polycarbonate in that the antistatic compositions of the present invention show excellent adhesion to polycarbonate substrates. A possible rationale for this feature of the invention can be suggested. It is believed that the nonfluorinated, radiation curable, copolymerizable prepolymers, being generally miscible with polycarbonate, tend to migrate into the polycarbonate when coated onto the substrate. As a result, the prepolymers become strongly adhered to the substrate when cured as a result of forming a cross-linked network with the polycarbonate. The hard coat layer 22 is prepared from a composition comprising 100 parts by weight of non-fluorinated, radiation curable, copolymerizable prepolymers. The prepolymers may be cured using any suitable form of radiation such as electron beam radiation or ultraviolet radiation. It is preferred, however, that the prepolymers are photocurable, i.e., curable with ultraviolet radiation. Examples of suitable nonfluorinated, radiation curable prepolymers include the ethylenically unsaturated compounds such as acrylic, methacrylic, vinyl, and allyl functional materials. Mixtures of such ethylenically unsaturated materials may also be used in the present invention. Preferably the nonfluorinated, radiation curable prepolymers are acrylate or methacrylate materials, or mixtures thereof. Specific commercially available examples of nonfluorinated, radiation curable, copolymerizable monomers include Gafgard 233 sold by GAF Chemical Corporation, TB3070m sold by Three Bond Chemical Company of America, Inc., and EX704 sold by Dainippon Ink & Chemicals, Inc., Japan. Of these materials, the use of EX704 is preferred. Preferably, substantially all of the prepolymers are monomeric in form, although polymeric or oligomeric ingredients optionally may also be used. For example, acrylate-terminated polyurethanes or polyurethanes terminated with vinyl groups may be used. However, the use of such polymeric or oligomeric materials tends to increase the viscosity of solutions of the antistatic composition. If the viscosity of solutions of the antistatic composition is too high, i.e., greater than about 200 centipoise, the solution may be unsuitable for use in the spin coating applications discussed below. The antistatic composition further comprises from 0.5 to 5 parts by weight, preferably 2 to 3 parts by weight of a nonionic perfluoro surfactant, and 0.5 to 5 parts by weight, preferably 2 to 3 parts by weight of an ionic perfluoro surfactant. If less than 0.5 parts by weight of either the nonionic or the ionic perfluoro surfactant is used, the antistatic composition will be unable to effectively protect against static charge build-up. On the other hand, using more than 5 parts by weight of either the nonionic or the ionic perfluoro surfactant provides little additional antistatic protection as compared to using lesser amounts of the surfactant. Additionally using more than 5 parts by weight of either surfactant may also adversely affect the abrasion resistance, transparency, and adhesion characteristics of the resulting antistatic coating. Most preferably, the weight ratio of the nonionic perfluoro surfactant to the ionic perfluoro surfactant is about 1. Preferably, the perfluoro segment of the nonionic and/or the ionic perfluoro surfactant comprises a straight or branched carbon chain of 4 to 16 carbon atoms, preferably 8 carbon atoms. Most preferably, the perfluoro segment of the nonionic surfactant and/or the ionic perfluoro surfactant is C.sub.8 F.sub.17. Practical tests have shown that nonionic and/or ionic perfluoro surfactants in which the perfluoro segment is C.sub.8 F.sub.17 provide better protection against static charge build-up at comparable weight loadings relative to other nonionic and/or ionic perfluoro surfactants. Most preferably, the perfluoro segment of the nonionic perfluoro surfactant is the same as the perfluoro segment of the ionic perfluoro surfactant. Examples of nonionic perfluoro surfactants suitable in the practice of the present invention include C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 C.sub.m H.sub.2m OH C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 CH.sub.2 O(C.sub.2 H.sub.4 O).sub.m' R" C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 CH.sub.2 O(C.sub.2 H.sub.4 O).sub.m' (C.sub.3 H.sub.6 O).sub.m" R" C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 SO.sub.2 N(R)(C.sub.2 H.sub.4 O).sub.m' R" C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 SO.sub.2 N(R)(C.sub.2 H.sub.4 O).sub.m' (C.sub.3 H.sub.6 O).sub.m" R" C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 CON(R) (C.sub.2 H.sub.4 O).sub.m' R" C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 CON(R) (C.sub.2 H.sub.4 O).sub.m' (C.sub.3 H.sub.6 O).sub.m' R", wherein n is 4 to 16, preferably 8; m is 1-20, and preferably 8; m' is 1-20, and preferably 14; m" is 0-8; R is hydrogen or lower alkyl of 1-12 C atoms such as H, CH.sub.3, CH.sub.3 CH.sub.2, and the like; and R" is hydrogen or lower alkyl of 1-12 C atoms, and preferably is H or CH.sub.3. Examples of ionic perfluoro surfactants suitable in the practice of the present invention include C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 SO.sub.3 M C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 C.sub.m H.sub.2m OSO.sub.3 M C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 SO.sub.2 N(R)CH.sub.2 COOM ##STR1## C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 SO.sub.2 N(R)C.sub.m H.sub.2m OSO.sub.3 M C.sub.n F.sub.2n+1 COOM wherein n is 4 to 16, preferably 8; M is Na.sup.+, Li.sup.+, K.sup.+, H.sup.+, or NH.sub.4 +, and preferably Li.sup.+ ; m is 1-10, and preferably 8; x is 1-3, preferably 1; and R is hydrogen or lower alkyl of 1-12 C atoms such as H, CH.sub.3, CH.sub.3 CH.sub.2, and the like. Preferably, the antistatic compositions of the present invention are applied to optical recording media, such as the magneto optic recording disk 10 of FIG. 1, using the spin coating technique. Spin coating allows an extremely uniform hard coat layer having a thickness of only 0.5 to 20 microns, preferably 0.8 to 10 microns, and more preferably 5 to 7 microns, to be easily and quickly formed. Advantageously, such coatings are sufficiently thin so that it is not necessary to match the optical index of the hard coat layer 22 with the optical index of the transparent substrate 14. According to the spin coating technique, an admixture is prepared comprising the nonfluorinated, radiation curable, copolymerizable prepolymers, the nonionic perfluoro surfactant, the ionic perfluoro surfactant, and optionally a suitable solvent. The use of a solvent is not required. However, use of a solvent is desirable when the surfactants are not miscible with the prepolymers, i.e., the surfactants and the prepolymers form two liquid phases when combined. Examples of suitable solvents include methyl alcohol, isopropyl alcohol, N-vinyl-2 pyrrolidone, mixtures of these solvents, and the like. Of such solvents, a solvent mixture of 10 parts by volume isopropyl alcohol with 1 part by volume n-butanol or isopropyl alcohol by itself is preferred. Preferably, the resulting admixture should include a sufficient amount of solvent such that the solution has a viscosity of 100 centipoise or less, and more preferably of about 5 centipoise. Generally, for isopropyl alcohol, the use of 0.7 to 1.5 grams of solvent per total grams of the nonionic and ionic perfluoro surfactants has been found to be suitable in the practice of the present invention. The admixture is preferably prepared by first combining the ionic perfluoro surfactant with the solvent, if any. Next, the nonionic perfluoro surfactant is added with stirring. The nonfluorinated, radiation curable, copolymerizable prepolymers are then slowly added and the ingredients are agitated for a time sufficient to obtain a homogeneous solution. Agitation times of 30 minutes have been found to be suitable. After agitation, the admixture should be allowed to stand for at least one hour before use. The admixture is delivered onto the substrate 14 of the magneto optic disk 10 using a conventional spin coating apparatus. Such an apparatus generally includes a dispensing needle, a syringe, and a pump. Preferably, the magneto optic disk is pre-cleaned with ionized N.sub.2 prior to spin-coating. For admixtures having a viscosity of 5 centipoise or less, a needle pressure of 5 to 20 psi delivers a suitable amount of the admixture onto the center of a disk in about 2 seconds when the disk is spinning at 30 to 50 rpm. Preferably, an in-line filter (0.2 to 2 microns) is used to remove particles from the admixture before the admixture is allowed to pass through the dispensing needle. After delivery, a high spinoff speed of 1800 to 2400 rpm for 3 to 5 seconds provides a thin, uniform coating. Most of the solvent, if any is used, is driven off during high speed spin-off. The wet coating should then be immediately cured with a suitable form of radiation, e.g., ultraviolet radiation, at room temperature in an oven fitted with an exhaust fan. Typically, the exhaust fan is operated during curing in order to remove low boiling, volatile components from the oven. The particular source of radiation is not critical. As one example, a medium intensity UV-arc lamp operating at a wavelength of 280 to 365 nm and an energy of 200 to 450 mj/cm.sup.2 for 4 to 6 seconds would be suitable in the practice of the present invention. When the antistatic composition is used with a solvent, it is desirable to let the disk sit for a few seconds in the oven with the exhaust fan on before curing to allow additional solvent to volatilize. Alternatively, such compositions can be cured for longer times, e.g., an additional 2 to 4 seconds, relative to antistatic compositions that have not been combined with a solvent. For admixtures with a viscosity of greater than 35 centipoise, the same parameters as described above may be used for spin coating. However, the solution should be preheated to 50.degree. to 60.degree. C. prior to coating. Preferably, spin coating and/or curing occurs in an inert atmosphere. For example, an atmosphere comprising 90% or more nitrogen may be used. The invention will now be further described with reference to the following examples. EXAMPLE 1 Several compositions (Samples 1-18) of the present invention were prepared by combining a nonionic perfluorosurfactant of the formula ##STR2## an ionic perfluoro surfactant of the formula C.sub.8 F.sub.17 SO.sub.3.sup.- Li.sup.+, and non fluorinated, copolymerizable, radiation curable prepolymers (TB3070M, a solution of prepolymers having 30% solids commercially available from Three Bond Chemical Company of America, Inc.) in amounts according to Table I: TABLE I ______________________________________ (all units are parts by weight) Nonionic Ionic Sample Prepolymers.sup.1 Surfactant Surfactant.sup.2 ______________________________________ 1 100 2.5 2.5 2 100 3.8 1.3 3 100 2.0 3.0 4 100 3.0 2.0 5 100 0.5 0.5 6 100 1.0 1.0 7 100 1.5 1.5 8 100 2.5 2.5 9 100 0.5 4.5 10 100 4.5 0.5 11 100 1.0 4.0 12 100 4.0 1.0 13 100 1.5 0.5 14 100 1.5 1.0 15 100 0.5 1.5 16 100 1.0 1.5 17 100 0.5 2.5 18 100 2.5 0.5 ______________________________________ .sup.1 Although the prepolymers were obtained from a 30% solids solution, the parts by weight in this table refers to the actual amount of prepolymer solids that were used. .sup.2 Although the ionic perfluoro surfactant was obtained from a 40% solution, the parts by weight in this table refers to the actual amount o ionic perfluoro surfactant that was used. To prepare Samples 1-18, 40 g of the ionic perfluoro surfactant was slowly dissolved in 60 g of isopropyl alcohol with stirring to prepare a 40% solution of the ionic perfluoro surfactant. For each sample, an appropriate amount of this solution was combined with the nonionic perfluoro surfactant with stirring. After his, the 30% solid solution of prepolymers was combined with the surfactants, and the resulting admixture was agitated for 30 minutes. The sample was allowed to stand for 1 hour, after which the sample was coated onto a polyethylene terephthalate film using a No. 3 Meyer Bar. The coating was then cured using ultraviolet radiation at a wavelength of 365 nm and an energy of 240 mj/cm.sup.2 for 4 to 5 seconds. Curing took place in a nitrogen atmosphere at a temperature in the range from 50.degree. C. to 60.degree. C. EXAMPLE 2 A sample (Sample 19) of the present invention was prepared in accordance with Example 1, except that CF.sub.3 SO.sub.3.sup.- Li.sup.+ was used in place of C.sub.8 F.sub.17 SO.sub.3.sup.-Li.sup.- as follows: ______________________________________ Nonionic Ionic Sample Prepolymers Surfactant Surfactant ______________________________________ 19 100 2.5 2.5 ______________________________________ EXAMPLE 3 A sample (Sample 20) of the present invention was prepared in accordance with Example 1, except that C.sub.4 F.sub.9 SO.sub.3.sup.-Li.sup.+ was used in place of C.sub.8 F.sub.17 SO.sub.3.sup.- Li.sup.+ as follows: ______________________________________ Nonionic Ionic Sample Prepolymers Surfactant Surfactant ______________________________________ 20 100 2.5 2.5 ______________________________________ EXAMPLE 4 A sample (Sample 21) of the present invention was prepared in accordance with Example 1, except that EX704, a 100% solids admixture of nonfluorinated, copolymerizable, radiation curable prepolymers available from Dainippon Ink and Chemicals, Inc. was used in place of TB3070M as follows: ______________________________________ Nonionic Ionic Sample Prepolymers Surfactant Surfactant ______________________________________ 21 100 2.5 2.5 ______________________________________ The viscosity of this sample was measured using a Brookfield viscometer with a UL adaptor and determined to be 43 to 45 centipoise at 25.degree. C. and a rotational speed of 12 rpm. COMPARISON EXAMPLE A 5 g of the nonionic perfluoro surfactant of Example 1 was slowly added to 300 g of TB3070 with stirring. The solution was allowed to stand for 1 hour before being coated onto a PET film in accordance with Example 1. COMPARISON EXAMPLE B 40 g of CF.sub.3 SO.sub.3.sup.- Li.sup.+ was slowly dissolved in 60 g of isopropyl alcohol with the help of stirring. Then, 3.8 g of this solution was added to 100 g of TB3070M with stirring. The solution was allowed to stand for 1 hour before being coated onto a PET film in accordance with Example 1. COMPARISON EXAMPLE C The same procedure as Comparison Example B was followed except that C.sub.8 F.sub.17 SO.sub.3.sup.- Li.sup.+ was used in place of CF.sub.3 SO.sub.3.sup.- Li.sup.+. COMPARISON EXAMPLE D The same procedure as Comparison Example B was followed except that C.sub.4 F.sub.9 SO.sub.3.sup.- Li.sup.+ was used in place of CF.sub.3 SO.sub.3.sup.- Li.sup.+. COMPARISON EXAMPLE E The same procedure as Example 1 was followed except that only 0.25 parts by weight of each surfactant was used per 100 parts by weight of prepolymer solids. EXAMPLE 5 The antistatic properties of Samples 1-21 were compared to the antistatic properties of Comparison Examples A-E. Additionally, the antistatic properties of a PET film coated only with TB3070M (Comparison Example F) and an uncoated PET film (Comparison Example G) were also measured. Each sample was charged to about 5000 volts and the time in seconds for the charge to decay to 50 volts was measured. These measurements were made at 25.degree. C. and 15% relative humidity. An ETS406C meter available from Electro Tech System, Inc. was used to monitor the charge decay. Each sample had a size of 3.5 inches by 5.5 inches. The results were as follows: TABLE II ______________________________________ Sample Charge decay (seconds) ______________________________________ 1 0.8 2 1.3 to 1.5 3 0.5 to 0.76 4 0.21 5 1.36 to 1.58 6 1.2 to 3.2 7 0.7 to 0.8 8 2.9 to 3.1 9 0.3 10 5.63 to 5.78 11 0.64 12 0.1 13 1.2 14 0.3 15 0.58 16 0.3 17 0.36 to 0.42 18 0.81 19 51 to 66 20 12 to 36 21 2.4 to 5.0 A INFINITE* B INFINITE C INFINITE D INFINITE E INFINITE F INFINITE G INFINITE ______________________________________ *In this table, "INFINITE" means that, after 1 hour, the residual voltage of the sample was greater than 50 volts. For all samples for which the charge decay was INFINITE, the residual voltage of the sample after 1 hou was at least 2000 volts. EXAMPLE 6 a. Sample 22 An antistatic composition was prepared by slowly dissolving 40 grams of the ionic perfluoro surfactant of Example 1 into 60 grams of isopropyl alcohol with the help of stirring. Then, 40 grams of the nonionic perfluoro surfactant of Example 1 was added into the isopropyl alcohol solution with the help of stirring. The total weight percent of the perfluoro surfactants in the solution was around 57%. Next, 8.7 grams of the isopropyl alcohol solution of the perfluoro surfactants was slowly added into 100 grams of EX704. The solution was agitated on a shaker table for 30 minutes to mix thoroughly. After agitation, the solution was allowed to stand for one hour before any use. b. Sample 23 An antistatic composition was prepared by slowly dissolving 40 grams of the ionic perfluoro surfactant of Example 1 into 60 grams of isopropyl alcohol with the help of stirring. Next, 40 grams of the nonionic perfluoro surfactant of Example 1 was added into the isopropyl alcohol solution with the help of stirring. The total weight percent of the perfluoro surfactants in the solution was around 57%. Next, 8.7 grams of the isopropyl alcohol solution of the perfluoro surfactants was slowly added into 300 grams of TB3070M. The solution was then agitated on a shaker-table for 30 minutes to mix thoroughly, and the mix solution was then allowed to stand for 1 hour before any use. Each of Samples 22 and 23 was then spin-coated onto a magneto optic recording disk as follows. The magneto optic recording disk was precleaned with an ionized N.sub.2 gun prior to coating. The sample was then spincoated onto the polycarbonate side of the magneto optic recording disk at a low air pressure (5 to 20 psi) using a needle dispensing system and an in-line (0.2 to 2 microns filter). The sample was dispensed onto the center of the disk at low rpm (30 to 50 rpm) first, and a subsequent high spin-off speed (1800 to 2400 rpm) was used to achieve a smooth uniform coating. The coated disk was then cured by low intensity UV light (365 nm) under a nitrogen atmosphere. Sample 22 had a relatively high viscosity at room temperature and was preheated to 50.degree. C. to 60.degree. C. prior to spincoating. For comparison purposes, two additional disks were each coated only with EX704 (Comparison Sample I) and TB3070 (Comparison Sample J), respectively, using this spincoating process. For Comparison Samples I and J, no perfluoro surfactants were used. Each of the disks coated with these samples (22, 23, I, and J) was aged in a chamber at 80.degree. C. and 85% relative humidity. Every 500 hours, the disks were removed and tested for byte error rate by randomly testing 5% of the total memory capacity of each disk. The disks were also tested for abrasion resistance as well as visually inspected for haze and delamination prior to aging and after 1500 hours of aging. The results for the byte error rate testing were as follows: TABLE III* ______________________________________ Sample t = 0 t = 500 t = 1000 t = 1500 % Change ______________________________________ 22** 1.3 1.2 1.5 2.1 75 23 0.9 1.3 1.5 2.3 150 I 0.7 1.0 1.9 4.3 500 J 0.8 0.0 1.1 1.9 120 ______________________________________ *values are expressed as the number of errors per 100,000 bytes. **values for Sample 22 are reported as an average of two trials. The results of the abrasion resistance testing and the visual inspection were as follows: TABLE IV ______________________________________ t = 0 t = 1500 Sample abrasion visual abrasion visual ______________________________________ 22 excellent* good** excellent good 23 good good good good I excellent good excellent good J good good good good ______________________________________ *"excellent" means no scratches were visually observed. **"good" means some scratches, but no haze, were visually observed. Other embodiments of this invention will be apparent to those skilled in the art from a consideration of this specification or from practice of the invention disclosed herein. Various omissions, modifications, and changes to the principles described herein may be made by one skilled in the art without departing from the true scope and spirit of the invention which is indicated by the following claims. FIELD OF THE INVENTION The present invention concerns perfluoro-based antistatic compositions comprising ionic and nonionic perfluoro surfactants in admixture with nonfluorinated, copolymerizable, radiation curable prepolymers as well as antistatic hard coatings prepared from these compositions. The present invention also concerns optical recording media having such antistatic hard coatings provided on at least one surface. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Optical recording media typically comprise an optical recording layer provided on a substrate. For media such as magneto optic recording medium and WORM (write-once-read-many) optical recording media, the optical recording layer is generally comprised of a thin film rare earth transition metal alloy such as gadolinium-cobalt (Gd-Co), gadolinium-iron (Gd-Fe), terbium-iron (Tb-Fe), dysprosium-iron (Dy-Fe), Gd-Tb-Fe, Tb-Dy-Fe, Tb-Fe-Co, terbium-iron-chromium (Tb-Fe-Cr), gadolinium-iron-bismuth (Gd-Fe-Bi), Gd-Co-Bi, gadolinium-iron-tin (Gd-Fe-Sn), Gd-Fe-Co, Gd-Co-Bi, and Gd-Dy-Fe. Such alloys are described, for example, in U.S. Pat. No. 4,822,675. For media such as compact disks, the optical recording layer may be a layer of polycarbonate having a patterned, information-bearing surface. Many of the materials which are suitable for the optical recording layer react strongly with oxygen and other elements which may be present in the environment in which optical recording media are used. Furthermore, the substrate itself may contain impurities which react with the optical recording layer. Thus, transparent dielectric films may be deposited on one or both sides of the optical recording layer to protect it. Such dielectric films are described, for example, in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,833,043 and 4,917,970. Optionally a reflective layer may be incorporated into optical recording media so that incident light that passes through the optical recording layer a first time is reflected and passes back through the optical recording layer a second time. Such reflection increases the magneto optic rotation of incident light because the so-called Faraday effect is added to the so-called Kerr effect. Reflective layers are described, for example, in U.S. Pat. No. 4,822,675. The reflective layer may be incorporated into a magnetic recording medium such that the optical recording layer is interposed between the substrate and the reflective layer. For such media, transparent substrates are used so that incident light passes first through the substrate, then passes through the optical recording layer, and then is reflected by the reflective layer back through the optical recording layer. Such media are known as substrate incident media. When the optional reflective layer is disposed between the substrate and the optical recording layer, the read and write beams will not be directed through the substrate. Such a medium is known as an air incident medium, although generally there is at least one layer between the optical recording layer and the air. For substrate incident media, the substrate is typically formed from polycarbonate. Polycarbonate substrates have excellent rigidity, dimensional stability, transparency, and impact strength, but unfortunately have poor abrasion resistance. Consequently, polycarbonate substrates are susceptible to physical damage from scratches, abrading, and the like. To protect the substrate from physical damage, a "hard coat" layer is coated onto the substrate to form a protective barrier between the substrate and the air. For example, Japanese Kokai No. JP02-260145 describes a hard coat layer that is coated onto the substrate of an optical card. The hard coat layer is formed from an electron-beam or ultraviolet radiation curable resin. The hard coat layer of Japanese Kokai No. JP02-260145 also includes a surface slipping agent, i.e., a lubricant. Static charge build-up attracts dust to the hard coat layer of optical recording media, which can prevent read and write beams from reaching the optical recording layer during writing or reading. Thus, it is generally desirable to use antistatic agents to reduce this static charge build-up. Antistatic compositions must satisfy stringent requirements in order to be suitable for use in optical recording media. In addition to providing protection against the build-up of static charge, antistatic compositions must be transparent as well as abrasion resistant and compositionally stable so that the compositions remain transparent for long periods of time. If the compositions become hazy, the amount of incident light that reaches the optical recording layer may be reduced, thus causing an increase in bit error rate, an increase in spare sector, or a loss of data. Another requirement concerns the viscosity of the antistatic composition. To obtain an antistatic coating of uniform thickness, the antistatic composition preferably must have low viscosity, e.g., 100 centipoise or less. The use of heat curable or hot thermoplastic compositions must also be avoided, since higher temperatures, i.e., temperatures of about 100.degree. C. or more, can damage optical recording media and/or adversely affect media performance. Generally, there are two approaches to using antistatic agents with the hard coat layer. One approach involves coating the antistatic agents directly onto the hard coat layer. This approach, however, generally does not provide long-lasting antistatic protection in that such coatings tend to be easy to wipe away. Another approach involves pre-mixing antistatic agents with the hard coat materials before the hard coat layer is coated onto the media. With this approach, however, the conventional antistatic agents have been used at such relatively high concentrations to provide acceptable antistatic protection that the resulting hard coat layers tend to become hazy over time, show poor abrasion resistance, and delaminate from the media. Japanese Kokai No. JP57-42741 describes an antistatic composition comprising a nonionic fluoride surfactant and an ionic fluoride surfactant. The antistatic composition may be coated onto a plastic surface by dipping or spraying, or the composition may be pre-mixed in plastics prior to the molding process. According to JP57-42741, suitable plastics include heat curable and thermoplastic materials. Japanese Kokai No. JP61-000265 describes a coating composition containing a compound having perfluoroalkyl groups at both sides of a ligoethyleneoxide group. The composition is used as a protective coating for solid surfaces, e.g., magnetic tapes or discs. Japanese Kokai No. JP63-208561 describes perfluorosulphonamides useful as antistatic agents for artificial resins. Japanese Kokai No. JP62-207352 describes antistatic resin compositions comprising 100 parts by weight of resin and 0.05 to 10 parts by weight of an anionic perfluoro compound. U.S. Pat. No. 4,208,466 describes the preparation of ionic fluorochemical surfactants that are useful as antistatic agents and lubricants for polymeric shapes. These surfactants may be applied directly to a polymeric shape or compounded with a polymeric material prior to forming. U.S. Pat. No. 4,623,594 describes an antistatic composition obtained from an electron radiation curable prepolymer and an electron radiation reactive antistatic agent soluble in the prepolymer. Suitable antistatic agents are quaternary ammonium salts such as trialkyletherammonium salts. U.S Pat. No. 4,505,990 describes antistatic compositions comprising a film-forming synthetic resin and an alkali, alkaline earth, ammonium, or amine salt of a perfluoroalkyl sulfonic acid or carboxylic acid. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION It has now been discovered that combining ionic and nonionic perfluoro surfactants with nonfluorinated, copolymerizable, radiation curable prepolymers provides improved antistatic compositions that are particularly suitable for forming hard coat layers on optical recording media. Preferred antistatic compositions of the present invention are characterized by low viscosity, e.g., 100 centipoise or less. Having low viscosity, the compositions can be easily spin coated onto substrates to form extremely thin, uniform coatings. Being radiation curable, the compositions can be quickly cured using radiation after coating to form abrasion resistant, transparent, compositionally-stable antistatic coatings that remain transparent for long periods of time. Advantageously, curing with heat or the use of hot thermoplastic materials is not required, thus avoiding the higher temperatures that can damage optical recording media. Moreover, after curing, the antistatic coatings of the present invention show excellent adhesion to polycarbonate substrates of optical recording media. As a result, the cured compositions resist delamination, or being wiped away, during the lifetime of the media. In one aspect, the advantages of the present invention are achieved by an antistatic composition comprising 100 parts by weight of nonfluorinated, copolymerizable, radiation curable prepolymers, from 0.5 to 5.0 parts by weight of a nonionic perfluoro surfactant, and 0.5 to 5.0 parts by weight of an ionic perfluoro surfactant. The antistatic composition forms an abrasion resistant, transparent coating when cured. In another aspect, the present invention concerns an optical recording medium having an abrasion resistant, transparent antistatic coating provided on at least one surface of the optical recording medium. The antistatic coating is a cured composition obtained from reactants comprising 100 parts by weight of nonfluorinated, copolymerizable, radiation curable prepolymers, 0.5 to 5.0 parts by weight of a nonionic perfluoro surfactant, and 0.5 to 5.0 parts by weight of an ionic perfluoro surfactant. "Transparent" means that at least 80% of incident light of a desired wavelength or range of wavelengths is transmitted through the coating. The light transmissive characteristics of a coating may be measured using a device such as a UV Spectrophotometer commercially available from Shimatsu, Inc. "Abrasion resistant" means that the coating remains visually haze-free after 200 cycles of rubbing the coating with a nylon cloth at a weight loading of 1000 grams using a Crockmeter apparatus commercially available from Atlas Electrical Device, Inc. According to this test, an optical recording disk is securely adhered to the platform of the Crockmeter apparatus, while making sure that the disk lies flat and that the edge of the disk lines up with the mark on the platform. A nylon cloth is placed on the arm head and adjusted to be smooth and flat. The cycle number is set at 200 and the apparatus is then operated for 200 cycles. After 200 cycles, the surface of the disk is checked for haze. Generally, the disk is tested twice in 2 perpendicular directions. "Haze-free" means that no band of haze visually appears in the area of the disk where rubbing occurred. Small scratches are acceptable and may occur when the disk is not mounted securely and flat on the platform or when the nylon cloth is wrapped incorrectly on the arm. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a schematic cross-section of a magneto optic recording medium comprising an antistatic coating of the present invention.</SPEC><CLAIM>What is claimed is: 1. 1. An optical recording disk having an abrasion resistant, transparent antistatic hard coat layer provided on at least one surface of the disk, wherein the hard coat layer is a cured composition obtained form ingredients comprising (a) 100 parts by weight of nonfluorinated, copolymerizable, radiation curable prepolymers; (b) from 0.5 to 5.0 parts by weight of a nonionic perfluoro surfactant; and (c) from 0.5 to 5.0 parts by weight of an ionic perfluoro surfactant. 2. 2. The optical recording disk of claim 1, wherein the nonionic perfluoro surfactant comprises a perfluoro segment of 4 to 16 carbon atoms. 3. 3. The optical recording disk of claim 2, wherein the perfluoro segment of the nonionic perfluoro surfactant is C.sub.8 F.sub.17. 4. 4. The optical recording disk of claim 1, wherein the nonionic perfluoro surfactant is ##STR3## 5. 5. The optical recording disk of claim 1, wherein the ionic perfluoro surfactant comprises a perfluoro segment of 4 to 16 carbon atoms. 6. 6. The optical recording disk of claim 5, wherein the perfluoro segment of the ionic perfluoro surfactant is C.sub.8 F.sub.17. 7. 7. The optical recording disk of claim 1, wherein the ionic perfluoro surfactant is C.sub.8 F.sub.17 SO.sub.3.sup.- Li.sup.+. 8. 8. The optical recording disk of claim 1, wherein the hard coat layer comprises from 2 to 3 parts by weight of the nonionic perfluoro surfactant per 100 parts by weight of the prepolymers. 9. 9. The optical recording disk of claim 1, wherein the hard coat layer comprises from 2 to 3 parts by weight of the ionic perfluoro surfactant per 100 parts by weight of the prepolymers. 10. 10. The optical recording disk of claim 1, wherein the ionic perfluoro surfactant has a perfluoro segment that is the same as the perfluoro segment of the nonionic perfluoro surfactant. 11. 11. The optical recording disk of claim 10, wherein the perfluoro group of both surfactants is C.sub.8 F.sub.17. 12. 12. The optical recording disk of claim 1, wherein the hard coat layer has a thickness of 1 to 5 microns. 13. 13. The optical recording disk of claim 1, wherein the weight ration of the nonionic perfluoro surfactant to the ionic perfluoro surfactant is about 1:1.</CLAIM></DOC>
<DOC><DOCNO>PATENT-US-GRT-1993-05176944</DOCNO><APP-NO>539784</APP-NO><APP-DATE>19900618</APP-DATE><PAT-NO>5176944</PAT-NO><PAT-TYPE>1</PAT-TYPE><PUB-DATE>19930105</PUB-DATE><PRI-IPC>B32B  3/00</PRI-IPC><IPC-VER>5</IPC-VER><PRI-USPC>428 99</PRI-USPC><PRIORITY>8907504[U]	19890620	DE</PRIORITY><CITATION>3594873/19710700	3941752/19760300</CITATION><INVENTOR>Striegl; Peter<tab>Maiwald; Wolfgang</INVENTOR><ASSIGNEE>Hoechst Aktiengesellschaft</ASSIGNEE><TITLE>Textile fastener made of flame-resistant polyester monofilaments</TITLE><ABST>A textile fastener consists of monofilaments (12, 14; 22, 28) made of polyesters which have been formed from dicarboxylic acid and diol components and into which a flame retardant has been incorporated. The flame retardant is present in the polyester chains as copolymerized elements having the structural units of the general formula ##STR1## where R is alkylene, arylene or aralkylene and R.sub.1 is alkyl, aryl or aralkyl.</ABST><SPEC>FIG. 1 shows a zip fastener 10 having meander-wound monofilaments 12, 14 made of flame-resistant polyesters which have preferably been produced according to the teaching of DE-C-2 346 787. The monofilaments 12, 14 have a round, preferably circular, cross-section. Their diameter is from 0.45 to 1.20 mm. It will be readily understood that the monofilaments 12, 14 need not have been wound meander-like but could also have been wound helically. FIGS. 2 and 3 are schematic representations of a touch-and-close fastener consisting of a loop part 20 and a hook part 26. The loop part 20 has loops 22, which protrude above a textile belt 24, while the hook part 26 has hooks 28 which protrude above a textile belt 30. The hooks 28 are formed by loops which have been cut open on one side by a cut 32. The loops 22 of the loop part 20 and the hooks 28 of the hook part 26 are each formed from monofilaments made of flame-resistant polyesters which have preferably been produced according to the teaching of DE-C-2 346 787. These monofilaments likewise have a round, preferably circular, cross-section. Their diameter is within the range from 0.15 to 0.25 mm. The invention relates to a textile fastener formed from fibers made of linear polyesters. Textile fasteners such as zip fasteners and touch-and-close fasteners formed from polyester fibers are known. For instance, DE-U-1 809 110 describes a zip fastener whose rows are formed from coil- or meander-like windings of linear polyesters. DE-C-3 326 086 describes a touch-and-close fastener where the hook and loop part consists partly of polyester filaments. These textile fasteners have little flame resistance. Even though the fastener accounts for only a small proportion of the total weight of the associated article, its low flame resistance can have a critical bearing on the overall flammability rating. Yet flame resistance is becoming more and more important, not least because of legislation. DE-A-3 513 325 discloses a touch-and-close fastener where, to increase the flame resistance, the hooks of the hook part are formed from wire, while the loops and also the belt of the loop part consist of carbon fibres. Owing to the wire used, however, this touch-and-close fastener is no longer purely textile in character. Textile fasteners could be rendered flame-resistant by applied finishes. However, applied finishes are costly and may impair the textile character and even the closure force. The invention has for its object to provide a textile fastener formed from fibers made of linear polyesters which has flame-resistant properties at very little expense. This object is achieved by the present invention when the fibers are monofilaments made of polyesters which have been formed from dicarboxylic acid and diol components and into which a flame retardant has been incorporated. Such polyesters, where the property of flame resistance is the result of raw material modification, are known from DE-C-2 346 787. However, the applications mentioned therein are only fibers and filaments for textiles and industrial articles such as tarpaulins, carpets and curtains. The present invention by contrast proposes for the first time the use of monofilaments made of flame-resistant polyesters for textile fasteners. This has made it possible to render such textile fasteners flame-resistant in a simple manner without need for expensive finishes. If the textile fastener is a touch-and-close fastener, the diameter of the monofilaments forming the hook and loop parts is advantageously from 0.15 to 0.25 mm. If by contrast the fastener is constructed as a zip fastener, the diameter of the monofilaments is advantageously from 0.45 to 1.20 mm. The use of monofilaments made of flame-resistance polyesters for textile fasteners proposed by the present invention leaves the advantageous textile properties of the polyester substantially intact. For instance, the fastener constructed according to the present invention is also notable for a low moisture regain, as a result of which it possesses good dimensional stability and high opening resistance. Two illustrative embodiments of the invention will be explained with reference to the drawings, where: FIG. 1 shows a zip fastener; FIG. 2 shows the loop part of a touch-and-close fastener; and FIG. 3 shows the hook part of the touch-and-close fastener.</SPEC><CLAIM>We claim: 1. 1. A textile fastener made of fibers formed from flame-resistant synthetic fiber material, wherein said fiber material comprises monofilaments having a round cross-section and a diameter in the range of from 0.15 to 0.25 mm and 0.45 to 1.20 mm and consisting of a polyester which has been formed from a dicarboxylic acid and a diol component and which contains copolymerized in its chain elements of the structural formula ##STR2## wherein R is saturated open-chain or cyclic alkylene, arylene or aralkylene and R1 is alkyl of 1 to 6 carbon atoms, aryl or aralkyl. 2. 2. The textile fastener as claimed in claim 1, constructed as a touch-and-close fastener, wherein the diameter of the monofilaments (22, 28) forming the hook and loop parts (20, 26) is 0.15-0.25 mm. 3. 3. The textile fastener as claimed in claim 1, constructed as a zip fastener, wherein the diameter of the monofilaments (12, 14) is 0.45-1.20 mm.</CLAIM></DOC>
